Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: we begin tonight
Timothy Sackton: in the
Timothy Sackton: deserts east of the Dunari border.
Timothy Sackton: a camp.
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: made by
Timothy Sackton: Gaweth and rislin
Timothy Sackton: outside a
Timothy Sackton: pool of water, where
Timothy Sackton: a waterfall, with no obvious source of where the water comes from, cascades down a cliff
Timothy Sackton: into
Timothy Sackton: I,
Timothy Sackton: a a faint, shimmering pool at the bottom that rapidly dries in the desert sun.
Timothy Sackton: And they've been
Timothy Sackton: camped here
Timothy Sackton: waiting.
Timothy Sackton: watching the sunset each night.
Timothy Sackton: not knowing exactly
Timothy Sackton: how or what this place is but knowing that this is the Fay crossing that
Timothy Sackton: well the
Timothy Sackton: spoke of, and that you've all known of, and where you were supposed to meet when you were scattered to
Timothy Sackton: basically the 4 corners of Talgar.
Timothy Sackton: After leaving the village of the Tacula in the elder one.
Timothy Sackton: until on November fifteenth.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: nearly
Timothy Sackton: 3 months since you last saw Rizwin, and
Timothy Sackton: a month and a half or so
Timothy Sackton: 2 months since you last saw each other.
Timothy Sackton: you see emerging out of the waterfall.
Timothy Sackton: Your friends
Timothy Sackton: seeker
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and Wellby.
Timothy Sackton: So as we begin
Timothy Sackton: reuniting these characters for the first time in a long time.
Timothy Sackton: let's start with descriptions
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really quick. Did you want to do a mercer view?
Timothy Sackton: yeah, If that
Timothy Sackton: sometimes that breaks Eric's computer. But let me give it a try.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's been finally late.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the most of you is really it's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, beautiful Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of Scotch.
Timothy Sackton: So here in the desert
Mike Sackton: do you want to just paste the link to your little doc in the chat so we can reference it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: for those of us who like an eye message on our computers.
Timothy Sackton: Wait to toggle verse.
Timothy Sackton: Now the link to your little Are you doing your character introductions
Mike Sackton: the doc you sent out in Chat, which I can't get to on my Creator. I got it.
Here.
Timothy Sackton: there you go.
Timothy Sackton: So who would like to start?
Mike Sackton: I can start unless somebody else wants to.
Mike Sackton: So I got to describe the camp first a little bit, because they would spend some time preparing the camp.
Mike Sackton: There's like
Mike Sackton: what old pile of hey for Baxter, and some like water set aside in one little corner. There's a there's little there's a tent like set up for for well be like. So when you come into the the K app right, it'll get dealt with in a minute. But
Mike Sackton: there's like a tent set up. There's a there's like a denoquai
Mike Sackton: hanging over 1. 10 for wealthy
Mike Sackton: There's there's
Mike Sackton: there's like a tent set up for Kenzo, and and
Mike Sackton: seeker as well you can smell the like.
Mike Sackton: and Bracewyn has been here right.
Mike Sackton: You can spell the aroma of of Delta's famous pancakes, or I forget what food it was that he was cooking. That Kenza was was secretly
Mike Sackton: won't admit to. But but like they are like that, yeah, it was like a it was like a blueberry, a blueberry, right? So with some yeah, there is a very pancake, right? But the berries are dried because it's it's late, and we can't get fresh berries right. But
Mike Sackton: you know
Mike Sackton: and there's the the camp just deals very, very homey, though that was slowly put a little bit of of effort into
Mike Sackton: into leaving a few things.
Mike Sackton: Yeah
Mike Sackton: for everybody.
Mike Sackton: When you step out and dele, it stands up to greet you
Mike Sackton: at first
Mike Sackton: you're almost like Wait. Who is that at the South.
Mike Sackton: until you like. Look a little more carefully. And you see.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's dealt with. But his hair is different. His armor is different
Mike Sackton: even his fate I mean his face
Mike Sackton: isn't it not like plastic surgery, different, but like it just has a different expression.
Mike Sackton: It's his shadow. Armor's gone.
Mike Sackton: There's no shadowy hint to him at all anywhere.
Mike Sackton: he's wearing brightly colored dead. A quiet armor like a den of the
Mike Sackton: It's sort of the armor is
Mike Sackton: mostly like.
Mike Sackton: and like bits of metal like it kind of blends in with his clothes a little bit.
Mike Sackton: but there's like clearly, you know, some.
Mike Sackton: It's clearly well made and well loved. It looks
Mike Sackton: in an unusual style, possibly quite old.
Mike Sackton: Next to Delta is a shield.
Mike Sackton: It's painted in bright yellow and blue and green colors, and there's 2 lynxes on it
Mike Sackton: like the faces of 2 links that are watching you like You can see their their eyes are moving right as you guys come out. The eyes of the but they don't seem
Mike Sackton: threatening. It's almost more like they're watching.
Mike Sackton: You get the sense they're watching out for you.
Mike Sackton: Not
Mike Sackton: not
app
Mike Sackton: Della's hair is braided differently than ever, like Usually his hair is shoulder way.
Mike Sackton: it usually wears it loose.
Mike Sackton: It's braided, and there's like a few, but all tokens braided into his hair.
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: you know a colorful little
Mike Sackton: out not a shell like almost a like it reminds you of a butterfly wing.
Mike Sackton: There's a little like something that looks that reminds you of a cat
Mike Sackton: talent like a piece of a glove from a cat.
Mike Sackton: There's a piece of like polished wood
Mike Sackton: that reminds you, maybe, of our root
Mike Sackton: that you get sort of a
Mike Sackton: sacred vibe for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: double. It's like hair, color, skin, tone. Is that all the same? Yeah. So his skin is like coppery. That hasn't changed.
Mike Sackton: but his expression is more purposeful and
Mike Sackton: lighter
Mike Sackton: than it's ever been
like.
Mike Sackton: He just seems
Mike Sackton: much more at peace
Mike Sackton: than you would have ever seen him before
Mike Sackton: and there just seems to be a presence around him, almost a
Mike Sackton: a sense of this
Mike Sackton: almost
Mike Sackton: other
Mike Sackton: presence
Mike Sackton: kind of almost in the background, like. There's something he's connected to through
Mike Sackton: braided into his hair
Mike Sackton: his hair. His skin is his copper right, his hair is silvery.
Mike Sackton: but it's it's styled so before it would be more.
Mike Sackton: his hair would be more shadowing, his face right like, and he would. He would have a more withdrawn expression, and the hair, you know, and the silver hair would be
Mike Sackton: emphasizing almost his his foreignness. Now it's braided, and
Mike Sackton: he almost looks more human.
Mike Sackton: Not Not that he looks human right, but he looks like he's, he's he's
Mike Sackton: west
Mike Sackton: aloof and standing out from the crowd.
Mike Sackton: He's carrying the wait.
Mike Sackton: did we we we found his sword in the Dragon.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So he's carrying an ancient Elven sword.
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: we found in the Dragon Horde.
Mike Sackton: and that is in a sheath at his side. Right? Well, no, actually he's not. I take it back. You can't see the sword. It's still magically vanished wherever it goes.
Mike Sackton: That hasn't changed
Mike Sackton: But he just stands up when you
Mike Sackton: when you come through and just looks he breaks out his race into a smile. It actually it works a little weird like you probably only seen him smile 6 times
Mike Sackton: right 6 times in the last year, or however long they've been together. But he just breaks out a big grid.
Mike Sackton: and he kind of
Mike Sackton: He kind of almost looks like he's
Mike Sackton: glancing at something around him or above him, or next to him.
Mike Sackton: and he says, Welcome, welcome to our camp.
Mike Sackton: It is so wonderful to see.
Mike Sackton: my dear friends again.
Mike Sackton: I hope your adventures
Mike Sackton: He looks at Wellbe
and
Mike Sackton: the Far East, and he looks at
Mike Sackton: Kenzo in
Mike Sackton: a jungle in the
Mike Sackton: I do not wear
Mike Sackton: where
fruitful
Mike Sackton: and seeker.
Mike Sackton: I never once was able to see you.
Mike Sackton: I hope you were
Mike Sackton: somewhere meaningful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was some more meaningful.
Timothy Sackton: Let's let's do descriptions for everybody before we
Mike Sackton: sorry dealt with will also say the secret, and I have a gift for you
Eric Rosenbaum: all that
Mike Sackton: it is.
Timothy Sackton: let's let people do before we get into this.
Eric Rosenbaum: this
Eric Rosenbaum: you see before you the the
Eric Rosenbaum: the familiar seeker, you know, and and love a
Eric Rosenbaum: short statute.
Eric Rosenbaum: youthful dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: with a richly colored and braided red beard, and a large pack
Eric Rosenbaum: covered with an astonishingly large number of
Eric Rosenbaum: gadgets, gizmos, handcrafted items, gemstone, goggles, and scrolls, and
Eric Rosenbaum: all sorts of useful things that he carries with him on his body and his
Eric Rosenbaum: traveling robes, looking as as worn as ever. But
Eric Rosenbaum: as he pauses he
Eric Rosenbaum: takes off a boot and dumps out what appears to be fairly rainbow-colored
Eric Rosenbaum: sand
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of brushing himself off
Eric Rosenbaum: from strange travels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Noticeably weary.
Eric Rosenbaum: not because he has a 4 month old baby that doesn't sleep through the night, but
Eric Rosenbaum: but for another reason that he'll explain
Eric Rosenbaum: 8
Eric Rosenbaum: squints out at the sun, stepping back and forth, thinking, Huh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange how it
Eric Rosenbaum: it works here versus there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you notice another important thing about him as he sweeps back a hood
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: a pale white
Eric Rosenbaum: streak down the center of his head, of his hair
Eric Rosenbaum: that has been
Eric Rosenbaum: bleached of all color.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else is in the document? I'm supposed to say that was pretty good. Oh, that's good. That was great.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on your next
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we'll be walks out with Baxter at his side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which I forgot about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mixture absolutely looms over him. Well, we could probably walk underneath Baxter between his legs, and not
Eric Rosenbaum: Russia's headed all the axe beaks, probably 9 8 or 9 feet tall, all together
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be when he first steps through, is wearing the clothes that you would think or expect, or like sailors clothes, short
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): breeches above the knee, and a a striped sailor shirt and a straw hat, and then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): almost unconsciously seeing his surroundings. It's like his clothing flickers almost out of the corner of your eye, flashing first
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for half an instant to the studded leather
armor that we recovered from the dragon's sword, and then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): back into
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): clothes that are more bit for Eastern Dunmar that cover
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the skin from the sun, and all that wrapped tight around his
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): forearms and legs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and his straw hat, he takes off, and sort of chagrin puts by his side
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): over his shoulders. You see his short sword, the hilt sticking out, and the bow and quiver of arrows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Baxter's laden in his usual armor. Some some time ago we we got some Baxter barting and the saddlebacks with the stuff around Webey's neck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you notice, maybe, with a bit of relief, the familiar locket that holds the portable whole
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): still apparently intact, or at least on his person
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as well as another.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): necklace that glows dimly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you're close enough to smell it, you you might get the slightest bit of the sea or the ocean on him still, and he's deeply tanned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like he's been out in the sun for a long time, with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know. A few more lines around his eyes.
and just the widest grim
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): her wellbe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If there's anything that's changed, there's more of a sense of lightness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not that he's any less
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): alert or a tuned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can see in just a flash of his eyes across the scene that he's taking absolutely everything in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from the tents to the links that it gives a little not to on the shield to the shape of the land, and where the defensible sniping positions are, and all that. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but underneath that instead, I think in the past.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, there was always a sense that we'll be head of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of needing to be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): prepared and ready. There was always a sense of, even in the playfulness, a sense of like caution.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's less of that. He moves lighter now. His grin is wider.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and especially seeing brisbane urine camp, too. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Yeah, he holds up a finger for just a sec and reaches into one of the saddle bags to pull out a cup and say, hey, Rizwin, hold this! See what happens?
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Riswynn: I don't hear any hammers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ken. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also walking through the portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as he steps through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dullith and and and you you notice to see him for the first time in many months. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's dressed similarly to how you remember him from Well certainly deal with when you last saw him, Rizmond from before the the battle with the Green dragon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but his his robe, his tunic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all now with a a distinct kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jungle flair, for sure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His tunic is is kind of made from different plant matter that's woven. he's got kind of some rift wrist guards and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: other kind of managing around his hands and fists. all clearly made from some type of root or plant matter and similarly again, his his tunic is woven from from different types of of of plants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ro? Very neat? you know, green with some beautiful patterning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you notice to, of course. Kenzo's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a staff which he's been lovingly working on for the the months that we've all been traveling, i'm definitely covered with more runes that you can tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, as you remember, from our battle with the Green Dragon and our our time with the dentkai.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know Top, the staff, or those 2 pieces of jade, but now adorn there also our new additional carvings of some interesting looking fruits or plants, a little bit hard to tell, and again some new new kind of structuring at the top of the staff again, looking like plant matter kind of wrapped near the jade
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just more runes covering the staff just definitely more ruins as you can
out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You also notice, too, as as Kenzo kind of holds the staff and walks through when it looks like there's a hint of a new kind of a tattoo that's like wrapped around his forearm. It looks like Like a serpent or a snake of some kind if you kind of glance at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's beautiful, it's multicolored, and it almost seems to be changing as the light from the from the sunset. Is it sunset right now, or sunrise? Yeah, that sunset. You can only pass through last light falls at sunset each day. Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as the light from the golden hour is kind of glinting off of his arm. It's sort of shimmering and it almost feels like it's changing colors as it's moving up his arm, and almost it looks like that like it could even be alive like moving up his arm, whatever it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, last year. Remember, Kenza, everybody except rizwin you know, when we were with the dentist, I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you remember Kenzo was pretty fucking out of it. He was like, you know, commuting with trees, and like very uncertain of the nature of reality, and often having a hard time, kind of talking and just sort of understanding the nature of reality in some ways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you sense looking at Kenza now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very interested in this new material level that he stepped into crossing over this portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I think with a much more centeredness and a lot less confusion, even though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looking at where he is now, where we just were all fucking different. Weird how it all fits together! Something still to be discerned! But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's much more comfortable with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the chaos and with the uncertainty, and feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that not knowing is okay, and that we'll figure it all out so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he steps through the portal with a with a smile, looks really strangely at deal with, and it's just kind of staring at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just looking for a while, and then smell something that he really really likes or recognizes from some kind of a sweet dream from before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and just just quietly smiles at at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at at Risman, and at at
Timothy Sackton: exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, you're mute in.
Riswynn: I see that I see that it's well I am in the kitchen.
Riswynn: and
Riswynn: the
Riswynn: rested after laughing at at well visa
Riswynn: gift of a
Riswynn: smiles to see everyone she's looking very refreshed, obviously having spent some time
Riswynn: at home.
Riswynn: and Among the various places. She's been in this long time, and where is her usual armor, and is.
Riswynn: well groomed, has been enjoying her time in the the luxurious camp that Delaware has set up.
Riswynn: and
Riswynn: is, you know.
Riswynn: carrying her her shutter storm
Riswynn: with her. But it's, you know, over in the corner, because we're just a whole in camp and sort of relaxed way.
Riswynn: but because she knew you were coming, she did, you know, get off fully dressed up in her armor and her gauntlets, and her hair is braided, and her
Riswynn: you know, full full dwarf and honors to the returning friends from afar.
Riswynn: A
Riswynn: but
Riswynn: excited to
Riswynn: to see you all but
Riswynn: looking much the same, except
Riswynn: her.
Riswynn: perhaps less travel worn than during our
Riswynn: ongoing adventures.
Mike Sackton: So we returned to deal with, saying, Seeker, I have a gift for you. Yes, I and I have a gift for you.
Mike Sackton: although
Mike Sackton: I think it's quite a dangerous one.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the best kind
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and for us.
Riswynn: Wow!
Mike Sackton: I have so much news to share
Mike Sackton: Kenzo. Oh, Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: before anything else
Mike Sackton: I saw a piece of
Mike Sackton: jade
Eric Rosenbaum: you did.
Mike Sackton: I saw one in a scrying
Mike Sackton: far to the East in some
Mike Sackton: cold northern land.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: A man named
Mike Sackton: Radlemere.
Mike Sackton: You had a piece of it.
Mike Sackton: hold on. Sorry I I accidentally closed
Mike Sackton: the scrying thing.
Mike Sackton: Oh, sorry As I take that back
Mike Sackton: I heard of a piece of jade.
Mike Sackton: After many many adventures which we will get to.
Mike Sackton: I met a
Mike Sackton: creature spirit of the forest, a protector of the
Mike Sackton: not sure
Mike Sackton: exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's like this kind of kind of listening to you talking, but just it's more like just like walking slowly towards you. Delets like looking at you like, just like you're talking. But he's just like kind of listening you're saying, but also just like staring at you like really, really, intently, like walking closer closer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the Kansas is kind of positive, and it trucks you in the middle is like
what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: happened to your shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are so different, Del. If
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure I like it.
Mike Sackton: Wow.
Mike Sackton: Dallas kind of looks over his shoulder. And
Mike Sackton: not really looking over his shoulder actually. But he he kind of
Mike Sackton: you remember the tale I told of
Mike Sackton: Gavali.
Mike Sackton: the lost god.
Mike Sackton: the who was trapped with me in the shadow realm.
Yes.
I freed them.
Mike Sackton: and 5 others.
Eric Rosenbaum: the mother's body.
Mike Sackton: Ms. White Maswadi.
Timothy Sackton: Did I say that? Right? The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Missouri they're called.
Mike Sackton: I've forgotten
Mike Sackton: Gods of the
Mike Sackton: All trapped in
Mike Sackton: shadow around Stuff!
Mike Sackton: Shamat's creation
Mike Sackton: same as me.
Mike Sackton: that's the gift I bring you. Seeker.
Mike Sackton: If you want an an arm band that shamat used to enter these shadow realms.
Eric Rosenbaum: My my goodness!
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: then now, normally, I I would would simply and graciously accept any gift, especially from such a good friend. But
Eric Rosenbaum: but I have to admit i'm suspicious, especially of gifted jewelry.
I
Mike Sackton: I would suggest to you you wear it, or even really touch it exactly. But I thought if you studied it you might learn something about how to travel between these points. Now you're talking
Mike Sackton: don't. Don't wear it. I I put it on. I I used it. Actually.
Mike Sackton: it. It was not
Mike Sackton: healthy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: It was the only way to free one of the one of the one of these Maswati. One of these trapped gods, was to.
Mike Sackton: We actually fought one of Shamut's trapped armies
Mike Sackton: at least a small part of it. Not not an army.
Mike Sackton: How Goblin Wizard in a few
Mike Sackton: wait now I can't even remember what we fought.
Mike Sackton: How about Wizard and and a few of and a few of his
Mike Sackton: H. Henchman?
Mike Sackton: But this this arm band, with tenants more than henchman. This armband reopens that dimension
Mike Sackton: where there is a fairly large hobgoblin army still trapped. So be cautious.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to. I'm eager to investigate. But perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: we should store this thing in some very safe manner
Eric Rosenbaum: in advance of that time that I can. Yes, and and I will say.
Mike Sackton: having worn it.
Mike Sackton: it saps your fatality in a
Mike Sackton: way that was not.
Mike Sackton: It drained me, drained my life first. I felt like almost.
Mike Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: in some cultures it's considered polite to provide a documentation of the gift's origin along with the gift itself. Should the receiver choose to return it to its
Mike Sackton: I mean you have a mirror magic mirror for that. Come on.
Mike Sackton: I think. Studied it carefully.
Mike Sackton: without perhaps ever actually putting it on your arm.
Mike Sackton: You might, you might learn something.
Mike Sackton: and and if you do put it on your arm, keep ris when handy.
Eric Rosenbaum: why is that?
Mike Sackton: I'm terrible.
Mike Sackton: but it does terrible things to you to to to use her magic to on terrible it.
Riswynn: That's already My, i'm terribleing spell. Okay.
Mike Sackton: But of course, I think, is what we're referring to.
Mike Sackton: I needed a help of a powerful divine caster to take it off after I put it on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of hard and band. I see jewelry from our ancient arch enemy. Very Christmas does. Seeker have any other items that let you teleport between planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nothing for teleporting between planes as such.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe you'll learn something.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'm eager to learn, as you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: about the interconnections between planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I received something perhaps less impressive, and he holds up literally a small piece of string.
Eric Rosenbaum: but because it's sunset.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's actually glowing in the same color as the sunset.
Eric Rosenbaum: so it's not noticeably glowing, because everything is the color of the sunset.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's sort of yellow orange.
Eric Rosenbaum: This little device was given to me
Eric Rosenbaum: as a way for us to know on the other side
Eric Rosenbaum: of this strange portal that the sun is sitting here where we are at this strange waterfall.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: again it's a mechanism that that crosses the plane, so i'll be curious to study just how this thing works, too, perhaps in something seemingly
Eric Rosenbaum: seemingly so humble. There's important secrets to be found.
Mike Sackton: But, Kenza, let me
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let me return to the tail of the jade for a moment. Whoa! Just just to pause for a sec. But it's funny that you mentioned that secret, I, and what we lift up the necklace around his neck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a gift I reced, that tells the moon phase in this world.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): apparently regardless of where I am, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We seem to be collecting time pieces.
Eric Rosenbaum: Time pieces that
Eric Rosenbaum: connect
Eric Rosenbaum: across the plains.
Much
Eric Rosenbaum: intriguing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: valuable.
Mike Sackton: Go on, deal with. So, Kenza. Yes, I would. I would
Mike Sackton: gladly you listen to your tales, and tell mine of of how the
Mike Sackton: freeing, the dental choir.
Mike Sackton: the denoquy Gods!
Mike Sackton: I now
Mike Sackton: follow them, or they follow me. It's
Mike Sackton: not totally clear.
Mike Sackton: but the ones that I freedom
Mike Sackton: have given me their blessings.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also freed someone. That's another story.
but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): up to probably.
Riswynn: when did you free anyone?
Riswynn: She freed herself from the rest of the party months ago.
Riswynn: some hundreds of year old droves from a parallel plane. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: but before we before we tell our tails
Mike Sackton: this this
Mike Sackton: this magical creature, Zafri.
Mike Sackton: guardian spirit of some kind of
Mike Sackton: here's the tail. She told me
Mike Sackton: maybe 10 or 15 years ago, she said.
Mike Sackton: She met a strange man, young at the time.
Mike Sackton: fleeing from somewhere far away to the east, a place called Ersk, he said.
Mike Sackton: and he spoke. He spoke a halting common with kind of a strange accent.
Mike Sackton: and he said his name was Radar.
Mike Sackton: He had run a long way across the empty plains of the Kenku and over the mountains fleeing home.
Mike Sackton: and he carried with him
Mike Sackton: a piece of jade that he said he found in the far North.
Mike Sackton: and what he, what she told me is, he was looking for a way to destroy it.
Mike Sackton: because it haunted him and haunted his dreams.
Mike Sackton: and I was able to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was able to scry him.
Mike Sackton: saw him far to the east somewhere.
and this
Mike Sackton: place called Ersk.
Mike Sackton: and he was
Mike Sackton: poor old older
Mike Sackton: 40, maybe
Mike Sackton: living in a small hut
Mike Sackton: seems to be by himself.
Mike Sackton: But what I did see
Mike Sackton: I did see him writing a letter.
Mike Sackton: He was writing a letter to his sister.
Mike Sackton: and I could read the writing. It was a foreign tongue, but but the gift of the
Mike Sackton: that's bloody. Let me read
Mike Sackton: while the writing, as you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: he was writing to somebody about somebody called the Rodney
Mike Sackton: Vocals.
Mike Sackton: And he was writing to ask if his sister.
Mike Sackton: who had some sway over this this person or creature called a Rodnia Vagnez.
Mike Sackton: could destroy the thing once and for all. Perhaps I expect the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. Have I heard of any of those things the name of the creature, the or the
Timothy Sackton: No?
Timothy Sackton: Well be. You have heard the namers.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): first I do know I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's a closed
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nation. Is that true?
Timothy Sackton: That's the sense you got. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): as far as I know it's. It's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): closed nation
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where no one from the outside is allowed in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where they have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): some sort of wizards or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sources, who
control and enforce.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and you can buy and sell anything
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anyways. Yeah, yeah, I I mean, I know how to get there.
Riswynn: But who do they buy and sell from if they're a closed nation
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cities and ports, so they allow others to come in and trade. But you can't go past the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can't go past the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the harbors.
Riswynn: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why are they so closed? Are they secretive or
Eric Rosenbaum: strict? 2?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was unclear to me. I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I didn't get a ton of information about it, but it it seemed as if they
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or yes, secretive, and maybe hiding something, but but also a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it didn't seem as if they were an open society, you know, where people internally were necessarily free to do as they please.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): some
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mystery behind that that i'm not sure of
Eric Rosenbaum: trembling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a milk. Can you find it out on the map? First?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's it's Wilby will unfold the map that that he's been documenting of the world
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and off to the east and north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): probably on the scale of the map, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 12 or 18 inches clear off the map, entirely like in the dirt next to it he'll he'll point to a spot. It's it's like he is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's probably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2,000 or 2,400 miles north and east of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we did you go to this place, or have you only heard of it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I was south of there, but I met someone from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: wouldn't one perhaps begin to be
Eric Rosenbaum: coming back around, as it were.
Eric Rosenbaum: in going so far in one direction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm beginning to believe
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that far to the east, in the green sea
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the endless ocean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): may end up somewhere else
Eric Rosenbaum: somewhere else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it. It's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not clear that there's anything on the other side of the endless ocean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or another plane.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder that? But I don't. I don't know enough to say
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I. I know we all still
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: need to share our our tales. But one thing I want to mention as we share our tales.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think something about the nature of our reality
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and this material world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the dream world, the Planet soul, is the land of the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the planes of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these portals, these dimensions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a cosmology that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we benefit greatly from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps a scientific beyond my own personal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perception. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way of mapping and understanding these connections because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they are connected, and there's so much
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beyond what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we ever or I have a thought
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it was Paul. That is
Eric Rosenbaum: precisely my
Eric Rosenbaum: speciality, as you know not that a great deal of progress in this direction. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Speaker, I I hope soon we can find a laboratory or a research space for you to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to pursue these inquiries in great depth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But anyways I mentioned that something very, very eager to hear from all of you I mean insights that, and also before we share any other stories. I also have a good to do here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Enzo reaches into his pouch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and pulls out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It gives each of you like a little figurine of you that that he is carved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's actually like They're beautiful. They're really beautiful, but they're also colored. They're also colored with like different kind of dry dyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and as Kenzo hands. You know each of you a little figurine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and they're kind of it's interesting because the figurines are. It's it's almost like an essence like not necessarily of like you from this date, but sort of like an essence figurine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he he! You know it gives each of you, and embrace and hands you, and he starts with Delta T, and in the end 10 to 21, and the doom rates, and that's true to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll share more and later. But I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been spending a lot of time on my my woodwork, so I hopefully. I've improved this. I've seen you last definitely has
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also the the dies here are from some wonderful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dies that I learned to work with. I'm. In the jungles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with the Lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and this is part of their custom, and something that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought of all I thought of each of you. I I had some time for contemplation, and was was very grateful to each of you, for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for everything that you've taught me over the over the many months we've been together.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonderful work, Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and inspires me to proceed further with my own
Eric Rosenbaum: stone crafting and other
Eric Rosenbaum: glass work, and so forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps some day we might
Eric Rosenbaum: collaborate to build something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think perhaps soon, I think perhaps soon I I sense from all of you a greater sense of peace and a greater sense of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Maybe maybe our destiny isn't to to have to be the ones to always, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. Maybe there's something else for us. I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but but deal with I i'm very eager to hear and learn more about this transformation of yours. I lean it over to look at Della's figurine to see if it's shadow You're not. You notice, really it's not shadowing it. Actually, it actually, you know, has a is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is not not, you know, overtly evil, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and kind of kind of sniffs a little bit, and it's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I recognize that smell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if you'd be rude to ask that we perhaps have this discussion over some
Mike Sackton: worse
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bit famished, and smell something. I recognize
Riswynn: food and drink and wrists and talk
Mike Sackton: well. We'll kind of weigh his hands
Mike Sackton: and the like.
Mike Sackton: The fire whites.
Mike Sackton: There's like a little
Mike Sackton: pleasant breeze comes in, and like blows, some leaves away, and like makes a little place like he's not moving right. He just kind of waves his hand.
Mike Sackton: you know there's a
Mike Sackton: a little. The the food all warms up
Mike Sackton: right so like like the the food was cold, but he kind of waves his hand in it, and it warms up
Mike Sackton: and like a little sparkle kind of floats above
Mike Sackton: off the camp. And that was kind of what's up and says
Mike Sackton: that's the dinner bell
Mike Sackton: after you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so gratefully starts, starts eating. Do we eat any food in whatever the F. We were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the F a. While? No, not really actually right. It's like a rehungry, or is like how much time passed like what the fuck
Timothy Sackton: anyways Kansas. It's kind of a big. Then you don't really know how much time fast
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wellbe, passes around a a little vial and says, this is salt from the far
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from the Vermilion Islands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Taste this. You can taste the flavor of the sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonderful.
Mike Sackton: yes.
Mike Sackton: delicious! Well be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deal with. Did you want to begin and share a little more sure more of your story. What happens? There are so many things to share
Mike Sackton: both news of the world.
Timothy Sackton: But let's just for practical purposes. Let's do the like stories first stories. First. I I was gonna miss you great. Okay,
Mike Sackton: you know, and and and my tail
Mike Sackton: I've spent
Mike Sackton: much time
Mike Sackton: scrying on
Mike Sackton: our friends and enemies around the world.
Mike Sackton: and I collected many rumors about
Mike Sackton: what is happening in Dunm on my way here.
Mike Sackton: What us
Mike Sackton: let us come to those
Mike Sackton: later, although
Mike Sackton: I fear
Mike Sackton: there is much bad news
world.
Mike Sackton: But first
Mike Sackton: I can tell my tail.
Mike Sackton: I found myself
Mike Sackton: as we departed.
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: than a Kwai village
Mike Sackton: far to the north, in another forest not so dissimilar. From where
Mike Sackton: we fought the Dragon, another.
Mike Sackton: then a quiet forest. I soon soon learned
Mike Sackton: and I met
Mike Sackton: there.
Mike Sackton: a people!
Mike Sackton: The kazoole! They called themselves
Mike Sackton: another den, acquired people again, not so dissimilar from the people we met
Mike Sackton: in the woods.
Mike Sackton: When we fought
Mike Sackton: from grim missile. What's his name? Grimbis call grimbis?
Mike Sackton: But what I learned there
Mike Sackton: was that these people I kept alive the memory of what they called the Maswati, the lost gods.
Mike Sackton: the gods who had
Mike Sackton: been trapped or died, or vanished
Mike Sackton: at the end of the great war.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: I learned
Mike Sackton: how I was freed from the shadow point.
Mike Sackton: It turns out
Mike Sackton: these arm bands and and Del, with points like
Mike Sackton: like you can see sort of in the tent that was set up for seeker
Mike Sackton: like he. He passed by a chance, and like brings it out with me.
Mike Sackton: don't touch this
Mike Sackton: that, but it's like this dark
Mike Sackton: black arm band like with these
Mike Sackton: runes carved on it.
Mike Sackton: Shamat
Mike Sackton: made many of these.
Mike Sackton: pointing up at the arm band.
Mike Sackton: and each one
Mike Sackton: was paired. Tim, just correct me if I get this wrong. I'm doing this a little bit.
Mike Sackton: Each one was paired such that you could open
Mike Sackton: a portal with one to this shadow realm.
Mike Sackton: and somebody wearing the other one could travel through. It could open the portal
Mike Sackton: to the same spot, and therefore
Mike Sackton: you could travel from one place to another very quickly by using these arm bands.
Mike Sackton: They're they're fixed in pairs, and so you could only open portals
Mike Sackton: with the with the set.
Mike Sackton: and what what I learned
Mike Sackton: is that
Mike Sackton: some small number of people.
Mike Sackton: if they
Mike Sackton: came close to death.
Mike Sackton: well touching or touched one of these arm bands while very close to death, or sorry it was when they killed one of the users. Right, Tim. No, you were right when they, when they were close to death, and touched one of these arm bands, it somehow activated and transported, said person to
Mike Sackton: Shamutt's travel rounds.
Mike Sackton: and they were trapped there until the arm band that they had touched was destroyed.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: a year ago
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: Druid of
Mike Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: the the ta she of fire!
Mike Sackton: Wait! It was the sky Who freed me right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: destroyed in armbands that he found, not really knowing what it did.
Mike Sackton: why destroying it would matter. But there was the sense of evil about it.
Mike Sackton: He burned it with this sacred fire.
Mike Sackton: At that moment
Mike Sackton: I was freed.
Mike Sackton: for the arm band I had touched
was destroyed.
Mike Sackton: and I met him. This, this, this man who freed me.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: we went together
Mike Sackton: with
Mike Sackton: a stoneboard
Mike Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: find the other arm bands at these ancient battle sites in the forest of nightmares.
Mike Sackton: Not a place I would really recommend. By the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the name kind of gives that away.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you could pause there for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: just making sure I understand how the arm bands work, and so forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm a bit you'll have to forgive me. I'm a bit
Eric Rosenbaum: turns out it's it's there's a phenomenon called fa lag.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's been too much time there, and it's takes a bit bit for your system to recalibrate. But
Eric Rosenbaum: is there any clue to be found in the fact that you returned in the location that you did here in the deserts of Denmark?
Mike Sackton: As to, perhaps where we might find another arm band. The story that I was told is that the
Mike Sackton: where you appear is not related to where the arm bends
is
Mike Sackton: right. The the story I was told was that
Mike Sackton: So this this woman Nino, told me this story in the
in the Denequai village.
Mike Sackton: and what she said is that last year a warwalk, wearing one of these arm bands, emerged from the forest of nightmares and attacked the village.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: one of their warriors
Mike Sackton: actually fought the warwalk and was near death, grasped the deathless creature to hold it to the ground for his companions to butcher; and when she, the warwalk, and when she, the warrior, touched the armband she vanished.
and
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: Druid Iscari
Mike Sackton: used sacred fire to destroy 2 arm bands, the one that the warrior had the that the warlock was wearing.
Mike Sackton: and to add a second one.
Mike Sackton: and at that moment I fell from the sky. One of these was an arm band that I had touched.
Mike Sackton: One was a separate separate, but but this warrior, the Zenoquy warrior, did not appear where they had vanished.
Mike Sackton: Presumably they fell from the sky as well somewhere else on this great world, but
Mike Sackton: could be anywhere.
Mike Sackton: There did not seem to be a connection between where
E.
Mike Sackton: The creature reappeared, and where the arm band was when it happened. Perhaps there's a deeper connection about where the arm band was used many years ago, or where the arm band was attuned to what you said. They're in pairs 250,
Mike Sackton: Tim, you're gonna have to explain this a little bit
Timothy Sackton: so right, the idea being that you send a scout ahead
Timothy Sackton: with one pair. They They open a portal with one armband, then somebody back in your home base with the other pair, opens
Timothy Sackton: a portal to the same shadow. Right? Right right? And then you can travel a 1,000 miles in a day, because distance is meaningless in the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: So it's many, many right right? It's not. Everyone connects to the same. There's many, many pairs.
Mike Sackton: but it's also many different right now. I remember it's many different shadow realms
Timothy Sackton: right each round each pair connects to a unique
Timothy Sackton: shadow.
Mike Sackton: Demi realm. Yeah. And so that's where the pairing comes from. It, where each
Mike Sackton: each
Mike Sackton: each creature right, each each. Each pair connects to one connects to its own realm.
Mike Sackton: We went to one of these realms right, which was full of it.
Mike Sackton: Hop Goblin army 200 years ago, waiting for somebody to open the portal.
Mike Sackton: Time did not seem to pass it. I knew this right for me. Time did not really pass while I was there
Mike Sackton: there. And we there's a there's an army waiting there somewhere that's this one. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So if we open this one, there's a hub gobble an army in the route, right? Perhaps it's a mechanism similar to the one
Eric Rosenbaum: then
Eric Rosenbaum: the functions in the mirror that we have that traps
Eric Rosenbaum: creatures. Perhaps.
Mike Sackton: though it's less.
Mike Sackton: it's not so much that you are. It's not so much a
Mike Sackton: to not feel similar in the sense that, speaking as one who has been inside both the mirror and the shadow realm.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you've tried now where you'd really want to go. To be honest. I hope some of your stories
Mike Sackton: have places that are not the shadow realm of shamut
Mike Sackton: or the forest of nightmares.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I have only been to places that we should all go back to, and we're wonderful.
Mike Sackton: I I look forward to hearing about them. Well, before I only went to places we should never return to. And we're terrible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's important in the in the process of elimination
Mike Sackton: I will recommend. We eliminate the forest of nightmares from our travel schedule.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like I could have told you that, based on the on the name.
Mike Sackton: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with it sounds better in their language. But yeah, just understand the force of nightmares. This is in the material realm. Yes, the forest of nightmares is a place far to the north.
Mike Sackton: near where several denied tribes live.
Mike Sackton: and the forest of nightmares is called that
Mike Sackton: because it is where many, many battles of the great War were fought, and it never recovered.
Mike Sackton: It used to be a denoqui or Alpha
Timothy Sackton: I forget in 10 or about there's the forest of dreams that stretches from the site up there, and it's sort of it. It used to be both the Denoqui and Delvin homeland.
but
Mike Sackton: the armies of the great War just
Mike Sackton: changed it, and the battlefields and
Mike Sackton: curses and magic that through during that conflict have changed it.
Mike Sackton: and it it is now a place
Mike Sackton: of old battle sites. We went to one battle site where the ghosts of the past haunted the plate.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Chardonian prospectors.
Mike Sackton: There were no Chardonians. This far North
Eric Rosenbaum: just sounds like an interesting place to dig for
Eric Rosenbaum: artifacts. It
interesting
Mike Sackton: it it probably would be.
Mike Sackton: we. We encountered the body of a theme.
Mike Sackton: perhaps the size of this camp bigger.
Mike Sackton: and while we tried to get the armband off him. This endless dream of
Mike Sackton: creatures came out of the
Mike Sackton: forest Devils demons. I don't know what
Mike Sackton: resting in the forest was impossible.
Mike Sackton: A camp would not be safe. The ghosts of the forest would devour you.
Eric Rosenbaum: What form did this giant fiend take?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well it was
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: the
the
Mike Sackton: it was at the battle of Dark Fire.
Mike Sackton: So it's. So, the Deno, I said. The battle site of the Battle of Dark File, the vast body of a dead demon at it was humanoid, but the size of 30 feet from head to toe.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: as we approach the trees and beasts of the forest, possessed with some sort of demonic energy, would attack us.
and we
Mike Sackton: we had to destroy the arm band, and eventually we succeeded in that. Freed. The volley is Ali. But it was not a place I would return to. We also met a
Mike Sackton: skeleton of a giant, and the ghost of that giant.
Mike Sackton: and he was a fire giant who was siding with Shamut, but was betrayed, he felt, by the hob goblins who refused to come to battle.
Mike Sackton: and that's the one. He points to the arm band. We
Mike Sackton: we are
Mike Sackton: fought a small vanguard of this army of Shamat, and, convinced and brought their leaders, had back to the giant. Satisfied with his vengeance, he let us destroy the
and
Mike Sackton: it was not
Mike Sackton: a place to
Mike Sackton: again. I. The tales are jumbled. It was. It was like a nightmare to be honest, that sort of end endless battle against demons, and Undead, and and other creatures.
Mike Sackton: 6 of the Missouri we freed
Mike Sackton: 6 of the
Mike Sackton: of the lost Deno Kitashi gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: and they where did they end up?
Mike Sackton: Where? Sorry you say? Where are they? Where are they?
Mike Sackton: They're They're around.
Mike Sackton: They have
Mike Sackton: given me some of their blessings.
Mike Sackton: and I have
Mike Sackton: taking it upon myself to
Mike Sackton: not watch over them, for it sounds
Mike Sackton: arrogant to say that you are watching over a god, and I don't mean to imply that. But
Riswynn: but these dwarving clerics they serve. But you know I would not say, serve exactly. It's more of a mutual relationship.
but
Mike Sackton: I honor them for sure.
Mike Sackton: and they have seen fit to grant me some small favor of theirs
Mike Sackton: in this shield, and and
Riswynn: so you're in touch with them elsewhere.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: that was my tale. I then spent quite some time, both with the den Aquai. Learning more of these ta she
Mike Sackton: and traveling like I said, I met this
Mike Sackton: creature.
Mike Sackton: the forest. It's all free. I talked to her for some time, and heard some tales how to destroy artifacts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of artifacts?
Mike Sackton: Oh, any artifacts we might want to destroy, maybe shaped kind of like, you know, Sceptors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know how to destroy the sector
Mike Sackton: selfie has given us some ideas.
Mike Sackton: The point of fire. She says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of fire
Mike Sackton: the plane of fire
Mike Sackton: Just toss it in the plane of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've dreamed of the plane of fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually am friends. Friends, is a strong word, but with a fire elemental from the plane of fire. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: friends, with a fire elemental Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: and I wish to hear your stories before I speak too much of the news from Dunmar.
Mike Sackton: I did spend some time scouting and talking to people between here and between.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: the mountains where it's selfie sent me in this camp, and
Mike Sackton: much is happening across the plains?
Mike Sackton: None of it, I think.
Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And when is it
Eric Rosenbaum: now? That is to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: or November? What When are we from her
Mike Sackton: when it's almost winter
Mike Sackton: garage is also on the move. But again, that tale can wait.
Really.
Riswynn: you'll tire them out before they've even told their stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that is important.
Mike Sackton: Sally. This creature I met in the wood
sent me here.
Mike Sackton: Wow! 2 weeks from here.
Mike Sackton: but I I walked from there
Mike Sackton: across the plains.
Amazing.
Mike Sackton: I never made it to the Fay realm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeker definitely has much to share about the fay.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a wonderful place, a bit of a mess really
Eric Rosenbaum: complex set of situations.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was a bit of confusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: that wonderful flowers, very strange flowers, but careful not to touch them. I was drag and fly briefly some exploding
Eric Rosenbaum: but lizards! And as I mentioned
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a situation where
I don't know
Riswynn: not much.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where was I Yes, exploding wizards, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: bit disorienting. Sorry about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the chance weaver.
Eric Rosenbaum: as as the first
Eric Rosenbaum: powerful Faye creature that I encountered, and and in his
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: the kingdom. I explored it.
Eric Rosenbaum: An outdoor casino of sorts, a wonderfully strange place, featuring games of chance that
Eric Rosenbaum: cause all kinds of horrible consequences. Should you lose? And I couldn't quite perceive a way
Eric Rosenbaum: to win for all of my trying, although
Eric Rosenbaum: the chance weisver himself did engage me
Eric Rosenbaum: in about of a game of chance, and i'm happy to say that on a role of 2 six-sided dice I I did score a 13 which is unusual.
Eric Rosenbaum: and in that way earned some of his favor.
Eric Rosenbaum: A:
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you do that? Yeah, that
Eric Rosenbaum: unusual is an understatement. I think. There, seeker, I have my ways. And in fact, now that one of the booms granted me by the chance weaver
Eric Rosenbaum: is a wonderful set of dice, and so I
Eric Rosenbaum: eager later, when we all have some 3 time to engage any of you in a game of chance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would that be wise, seeker? Of course it would, or perhaps they'll come in handy in the future in some other way.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: at any rate, after I was
Eric Rosenbaum: briefly blinded in
Eric Rosenbaum: and regained my site, this
Eric Rosenbaum: blinded.
Eric Rosenbaum: precious sounds unpleasant.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's why I said not to touch the flowers, you see.
Mike Sackton: And
Eric Rosenbaum: but I do recommend traveling as a dragonfly. That seemed effective.
Riswynn: Does that happen when you type some flowers, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, that was my Pixie friend
Eric Rosenbaum: who helped out with that transformation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you've got to make friends when you're there, but you can't trust anyone, so it's complicated.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did make some some interesting friends, and the chance we were.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put together a party to help me set forth to
Eric Rosenbaum: the other side of these falls here, where
Eric Rosenbaum: come out from?
Eric Rosenbaum: To help me get there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: well, no, that's not quite right.
Eric Rosenbaum: What he really needed us to do, and why I agreed to this is
Eric Rosenbaum: a bit foggy
Eric Rosenbaum: is to clear up a bit of a storm of of wild magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: which is to say, spells that
Eric Rosenbaum: seem to come to life. It's wonderfully charismatic. If they're not
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to shoot you full of holes or burn or freeze you.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're actually living spells. It's it's incredible.
Eric Rosenbaum: The zorn
Eric Rosenbaum: we're fortunate was turned to stone
Eric Rosenbaum: before we got there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sure you all know what a zorn is
Eric Rosenbaum: as wonderfully strange
Eric Rosenbaum: the eater of stones and gems a creature that lives under the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: at any rate.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a mountain of crystal
Eric Rosenbaum: in the
Eric Rosenbaum: sorry
Riswynn: sounds, wonderful
Eric Rosenbaum: as a beautiful place, and, as you can imagine, I would have spent years there studying it if that option were available. Given the wonderfully nonsense
Eric Rosenbaum: it turned out it had been punctured.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see, this crystal mountain naturally being hollow
Eric Rosenbaum: by a a Geo that was made of of
Eric Rosenbaum: crystallized magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: That in itself is a phenomenon that was new to me, but did remind me of.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I wonder about the connection here to chelight, which is also a kind of crystal and magical power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At any rate, it seemed to be causing some problems there, and so very quickly.
Speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One thing I've learned, or I think i'm starting to appreciate more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is the way in which
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the strange vibration, a resonance from these different planes, if it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from the souls of consciousness from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: realms of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: resonate within a material.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm only in Kayla.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: similar in some ways
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to some of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plants that I've spent time with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on my journeys and their ability to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: respond and connect to those resonance from those planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, I've got a lot of experience with chlight, not great experience, but something that I think is similar about how
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: souls and magic are connected, and how those planes are connected to physical objects in our realm.
Eric Rosenbaum: This type of observation may be at the heart of things. Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've often wondered if
Eric Rosenbaum: it's also related to the way in which Runic magic functions by capturing and shaping those resonances in the forms of the ruins themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I don't know that for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: this
Eric Rosenbaum: crystallize magic
Eric Rosenbaum: was definitely causing some problems locally, as you can imagine, because any spell that you cast, it turns out, would come to life in this powerful and rather autonomous and dangerous way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, i'm trying to remember what the particular spills were.
Timothy Sackton: You're upizing thoughts of the worst.
Timothy Sackton: the giant firsthand. That was pretty bad, too. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and your catapult was pretty bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: At any rate.
Eric Rosenbaum: we managed to subdue the situation by destroying the petrified Zorn
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: A wonderfully strange fay creature that lived there underneath the crystal Mountain
Eric Rosenbaum: did allow me, after some discussion, to depart.
Eric Rosenbaum: bearing some of the shards of this
Eric Rosenbaum: admittedly
Eric Rosenbaum: dangerous crystallized magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not chelight actually, and Seeker pulls out a glove, and I spent some time crafting it into this.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I hope
Eric Rosenbaum: to become a useful
Eric Rosenbaum: a tool.
Eric Rosenbaum: For shaping the magical effects!
Eric Rosenbaum: And applying the crystalline magic's power to extend their range or transform their elemental qualities.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm still getting the sense of it. And you could see this.
Eric Rosenbaum: this glove that he's handmade to embed crystalline fragments of which now there are only a couple.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's 2 of them
Eric Rosenbaum: embedded.
Eric Rosenbaum: they
Eric Rosenbaum: listen with strange fay power.
Riswynn: the metalwork for a stonework. First one looks closer at the globe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't actually decide that
Eric Rosenbaum: it is a metal gauntlet, so that it can have the stone settings in. It
Eric Rosenbaum: seems like it ought to be something fairly robust.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Riswynn: Leather might leave a little bit to be desired. I
Riswynn: good choice.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: having completed that
Eric Rosenbaum: task.
Eric Rosenbaum: the party I was with set out to to reach the the falls that would take us back here.
Eric Rosenbaum: The problem was the giant that steals people's memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: and indeed I have it only
Eric Rosenbaum: hazy recollection of that whole encounter, not because the giants stole our memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact, I I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: as far as I know, we completely prevented the giant from doing so to any of us. I could be wrong about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we passed through this strange valley
Eric Rosenbaum: and made our way to
Eric Rosenbaum: what was her name
Eric Rosenbaum: to the to the
Eric Rosenbaum: that was the amber glow
Eric Rosenbaum: to the court of the
Eric Rosenbaum: the Cloud Spinner.
Eric Rosenbaum: where we encountered the lady.
Eric Rosenbaum: even tide.
Eric Rosenbaum: and at this point, in exchange for the crossing back here
Eric Rosenbaum: I nearly gave away, and i'm glad that I not
Eric Rosenbaum: the color of my precious beard.
Eric Rosenbaum: I negotiated
Eric Rosenbaum: cleverly and lost only this streak of color in my hair.
Eric Rosenbaum: but as a result I was able to
Eric Rosenbaum: to find the way through.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: it was at that time.
in fact.
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Eric Rosenbaum: I encountered Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, Did I miss anything super important? No. Okay. Good. Good story. It was a bit chaotic. But
Riswynn: as was we experienced.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it was great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, again, I I hope that your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your experiences in the Fay realm.
then I think that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these linkages between the different planes are somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very important to whatever we decide to do next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can share more of what happened to me. I'll try to be brief, I know we're all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: been a long travel on a long journey. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, when we departed from the Danikai I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't know where I ended up. I was in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just a place it's very hard to describe, but a jungle like what you would read in in books. Nothing. I've never experienced
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plants vegetation just so enormous in size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beasts like I can't describe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But dinosaurs even be a thing that, like our characters, don't know about it. It's just sort of like like, oh, these crazy things, the new he's right of like, Sh: we Justin: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just the same. Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beasts from stories. masses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ancient creatures, dinosaurs!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A truly wild place
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've been to ancient forests, but there's something about the wildness here that connected to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a source an energy that I haven't experienced so powerful, so immense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenza says, like a bunch of phrases in a language that you do not understand at all. and he pauses. The seeker seeker understands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Seeker understands. Take your nose. Listen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is a yeah. So Kenza says in Lizard lizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I had the privilege of meeting and learning from the Lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He kind of laughs and looks at looks at Seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How is that? How's my accent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not bad. I I can't say i'm an expert either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what accent I've learned it's from the Oracatu Lizard book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as far as I can understand dull with, or actually, maybe you'd be better. Well be to try to see on your map, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was thousands of miles away. I don't know how I ended up in this place thousands and thousands of miles away. So i'm like I was like thousands of miles east of drank or right. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think you are very far east
Mike Sackton: from what I I saw. I saw you a few times. Ken so is in my scrying. I saw one of those beasts you talk about.
Mike Sackton: It was.
Mike Sackton: it seemed oddly peaceful. You wouldn't think a beast so large would be
Mike Sackton: a plant eater.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spent much time with these beasts and with the wizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After what happened to us battling the Green Dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My experience with that with the trees and the forest, there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something about being in this primordial place, but especially with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beings and creatures that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: commune with that energy and understand that energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I learned a tremendous amount from the Lizard folk there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The language I learned their ways that learn their customs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm excited to share more of what I learned as as we move forward
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: briefly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I met some wonderful wonderful friends there now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there was a corruption in that that land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the short version of this i'll share. There was a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a being of great power, Motua.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Matthewa, and Kenzo kind of you know, Poul his arm around, so you can see this beautiful tattoo. And actually so if I can share screen for a second, I'm gonna show the the picture of Mo to it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you should be hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you should be able to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I lost the immersive view. Well, that Can you guys see the picture?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that's you can see that that tattooed along Kansas right arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mo, too, are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: being a guardian of the Land of the Dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we visited and have touched the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know now, and I've experienced this through my my time with Lakhan, Shakun, and Bishhma, the the of souls where all of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I was able to see each of you as well in some some way, shape or form, except for seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of us here in this material world have a connection to the plan of souls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our souls exist in another realm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that we have a connection to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and when we die our souls travel to the land of the dead. We know this in different mythologies and in different ways.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Mortua
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a great being that helps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guide and guard the land of the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Motua was cursed. Matthew was wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And guess by who
Riswynn: our old
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my gosh and brush
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that ring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that ring of his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you remember the ring?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember what it does?
Eric Rosenbaum: the the resurrecting that works
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that ring on dying
Eric Rosenbaum: the ring of Undai?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That ring
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is an object of sacrilege
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to beings like Motua. There's no music, by the way. 10.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, because you shared screen it, stopped the music. It started again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that ring is.
is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unnatural.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and garage and travel into the land of the dead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: engaged in Matsua and model
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First him damaged him.
Timothy Sackton: Them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of my my journey was to Freematua.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenza. Kind of glances over it was was was was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a part of that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that battle I myself
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have been cursed, have faced some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: remnants of grocer's, evil
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hopeful and grateful to you, Rosen, that we may be able to to try and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: work some of your powers on on me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because i'm definitely suffering still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I share this to say that Motua
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was ultimately we were able to Fremont you up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another great, powerful being of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of the jungle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a jaguar
time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Langau
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also is there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I learned much friends. I learned much about the great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: primordial forces of nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so kind of like, you know. It looks at the different carvings on staff, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll share more in time. But I've developed the abilities to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speak and engage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with different elements of nature that I'm. Still trying to understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I learned things in the jungle that I don't know how they connect with where we are now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're tank where where it is, and where we are, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can speak and connect with those forces, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know that will be of use.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in this primordial place
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again there was a tremendous volcano.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that is where I was able to meet a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a fire elemental.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we unknowingly myself and 2 wizard-fo companions on knowing these
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stumbled into a battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we're able to save the spiral elemental
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who is from the planetifier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that your friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my friend Well, friend, may be too strong a word, but there may be a way for me to communicate with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and if we do, and if we are indeed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: aiming to destroy the scepter
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that may be of use.
Mike Sackton: Lafrey did say volcanoes were.
Mike Sackton: or connections
to the plan of fire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know where one is now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Early in I encountered a volcano that disrupted the local layline network.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's before I even met all of you.
Timothy Sackton: That's right, isn't it, Tim. That's part of my backstory. Yeah, that is part of your backstory.
Mike Sackton: Where was this volcano?
Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: It was up by your hub by dark dark on by your home. It's a north like in the North, like near Sambara.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it
Eric Rosenbaum: And that was a recently formed volcano. Also.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: where the seekers home.
Eric Rosenbaum: in some northern mountains.
Timothy Sackton: Katrina
Timothy Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: the like old dwarven kingdom, where everybody is like inward and secrets like. No, we gotta do new tech
right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Conservative. Well, there, there's something else that I learned on my travels that again. I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trouble me deeply to this day
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I ventured deep into the plane of souls again. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: saw each of you, except for seeker, because I think where you were in the face, Somehow your soul was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was was opaque to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I said it would work so strange.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's some other reason
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I looked for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: our enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I looked for garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I also looked for a polyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a saw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from there.
Poly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw his eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He looked at me.
I looked at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mitar was there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a prison
ahead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is opened opening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he saw me and I saw him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you describe the eyes of a polyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim?
Timothy Sackton: They were just like points of light
Timothy Sackton: in in a sort of
Timothy Sackton: withered face.
Timothy Sackton: like a
Timothy Sackton: mummy that's been out in the desert for
Timothy Sackton: centuries.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So any questions opening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, what's my sense of that?
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's a little hard to say. It's a little hard to say.
Timothy Sackton: The the the key thing that you sensed was not so much that the prison opening or closing it, seemed to be constantly
Timothy Sackton: caught in a state of opening, but also that his soul was not
Timothy Sackton: co-located with his body
right
Mike Sackton: didn't we learn something about Napoleon's prison. This is sounding familiar to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this was this is death! I think this is related to Dimitar and Rye, and what they were trying with the but there wasn't rye, keeping a poly untrapped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, everything started falling apart when when the J. Did his thing and the jade exploded. And this is these were the dreams that
Timothy Sackton: Elaya and Kenzo had when the jade's met
Timothy Sackton: in the outer one right right?
Mike Sackton: How many pieces of jade do we think there are just like. Do we have any sense just from the size of the
Mike Sackton: Because Kenzo has 2 pieces now, right then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yup, and they're they're on top of his staff.
Mike Sackton: Do we know how many there are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in total?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I don't know why. I think that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you know, there's 5. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'll add them together. Make a what like a ball like this! A whole rye.
Timothy Sackton: It's 5 fingers it's right hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the 5 fingers on his hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that
Mike Sackton: I'll be
Mike Sackton: a risk when
Mike Sackton: you must also have tails.
Riswynn: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll tell you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you all had terrible experiences. I had the greatest time you can possibly imagine
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this has been the best 2 months of my life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came out of the mist
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2,000 miles east of here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on the Heffling ship, where
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the islands are unmored from the oak
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and drift back and forth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the kenko have the form of Seagulls
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): most beautiful place, where pillars of rock rise out of the oath, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and abolished in service to demons on other planes. enslave humans to capture them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I
Eric Rosenbaum: say that part again. And what's! An
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): After spending
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a couple of weeks
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on hmm I should back up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I found myself on a half-ling ship in pursuit by hob goblins intent on stealing their cargo of dragonhide
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that they'd
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): created out of out of that place out of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the closed Kingdom out out of Ersk. So so halfling sailors coming out of Prznitski, the the closed city, the Trade City in the north, where none are allowed. Across the bridge from the harbours.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The people trade dragon. Height.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Off I went, single-handedly burning down the sales on the hub, got bul and ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): allowing the the noble halflinks to escape.
Of course
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we made our way to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kanku village, on islands to the east, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at the eastern edge of the sea. There
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the islands move back and forth. A 1,000 miles of them running north to south, as this must have been far to the north of where you were.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I helped a a group of Kanku, who
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or rather a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): help, bring back again a group of sailors who had been stolen away in an underwater cave
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wherein
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and abolish this this sort of evil.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a steep creature that controlled people, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who is in the thrall of something, I don't know what. But there was a gem
2 dozen feet across.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the entirety of which was filled only with the eye of some creature that seemed to be peering through from another dimension.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we killed the abolition, and couldn't do anything much about the giant gem. I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rescued the people who were there as best we could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and when on our way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But
in the process.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a difficult thing I there was 1 one of my companions. There was fleeing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sorry fleeing from Ersk
and found a way in some of the treasure. We got
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to get himself away and farther to the south.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I went looking for a wizard who could help me find a way back to the Fay Realm again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that I could get here
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and found a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a wizard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who was just us so lovely are in the wandering. That's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): such a good guy. So it turns out that he was originally from over here, but true to his name. He he ended up far to the East.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it's worth mentioning that Aaron was interested in the nature of the multiverse. He was a researcher into the shadow and excuse me to the mirror dimensions.
and he found a way, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): experimented with the way
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to take himself out of this realm, and into a mirror dimension
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where there is no magic
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and a mirror version of yourself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also exists trying to pry its way back into this world and leave you trapped in that one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was really fun.
Timothy Sackton: I know about this.
Timothy Sackton: Nope. You've never heard anything about the mirror dimension. Astonishing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seekers taking me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was great, and the all all the broken mirrors would animate themselves and try to kill us. And it, it was really delightful
it
Eric Rosenbaum: You went to one of these mirror dimensions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He got himself trapped in his own dimension.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He had this immense room at the top of his tower
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that I convinced a raccoon to investigate for me, which I think was very clever. But then the raccoon got caught in the mirror dimension
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he could confirm that things were as that's probably not relevant
We covered all
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the mirrors, so that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): these evil duplicates of ourselves didn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): try and appear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But while in the mirror dimension
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you forget the real world.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You forget the real world.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so we had to make our way in and the same-handedness or the opposite handedness as you're a real sin.
You
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't remember, but i'm going to say that they were literally. I'm just going to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): declare that they were literally mirror image versions. So they were precisely identical, except they were precisely mirrored.
Eric Rosenbaum: At last we shattered.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we defeated, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Destroyed the mirror version of our and and freedom back to the normal realm again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He, in good wizard fashion, was pretty grateful for all of that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Aaron gave me this necklace
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and me to last like false
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a great time, but it more than that, too, it may be worth
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seeking R and back out again. We have an ally friend interested in the nature of the multiverse in reality, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: And who knows about plane shifting
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): indeed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): along the way
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): some friendly Kenku repaired my armor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and at that wellbe's clothes shift back to the studded leather armor that we recovered from the dragon horde.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and an enormous set of wings sprouts out from the back again in the the form of giant seagull wings, and give a flap, and then fold back in on themselves again into the armor once more.
And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, at some good times I tried to teach Baxter how to swim. He was not a fan of that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): overall.
A good time was had by all
Mike Sackton: you, all of you and your multiversal adventures are making me think the forest of nightmares might be a more pleasant place to go than
Mike Sackton: then you gave it credit for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean the Mirror dimension.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a super fun place to be, but
Mike Sackton: I don't know the the
Mike Sackton: The cliffs of of red looked nice, though
Mike Sackton: I saw those.
Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a beautiful, beautiful place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and going there to chart the ever-moving islands would be fascinating journey sometime.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think more than anything but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what I came away with, and
I don't know if this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what my grandfather was trying to say all those years ago or not, is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): for the better part of our journeys together.
I feel like we've all been a part of someone Else's story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): After this time. There, I feel that less. We have the freedom to make our own way. In a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): way I didn't quite feel before, were it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or at least to make our own stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree
Timothy Sackton: it's your mute.
Riswynn: I would just like to say again. Well, I meant.
Riswynn: as I said, in my sendings to everyone who I could reach in a normal plane
Riswynn: that I am so sorry that I could not really control my story, and that you all in charge.
Riswynn: Hi, it was called
Riswynn: through the chalice to
Riswynn: the
Riswynn: come with the gods because
Riswynn: they had need of me. And I mean that is
Riswynn: the accepted lot of of the faithful
Riswynn: cleric of the Parisel. But I regret that I have left you all
Riswynn: in hot pursuit in Jardin, but it seems that you major way.
Riswynn: It's a nice safe battle with a dragon, and you know that
Riswynn: that's all worked out.
Riswynn: but I
Riswynn: was sent
Riswynn: 2 of
I
Riswynn: realm that the gods were using
Riswynn: in their own way, I guess. Pocket to mention. I don't
Riswynn: really know the metaphysics, but
Riswynn: it was not pleasant. The Dorps were there.
Riswynn: Didn't really know
Riswynn: where they were or
Riswynn: why they were there, or really remember much at all. They were sort of faded echoes of of people.
Riswynn: But I had been sent with
Riswynn: to mothers
Riswynn: who
Riswynn: duty to the to the
Riswynn: one of them was carrying a a lovely flask of ale from his in and Chardon.
Riswynn: and that actually came in as one of our best communication tools with these.
Riswynn: you know.
Riswynn: bladed people in this in this plated land.
Riswynn: The
Riswynn: the dwarfs got there.
Riswynn: through the history of of one particular charismatic leader of those of a
Riswynn: dwarf, an army. And
Riswynn: when we
Riswynn: we're able to follow through the tales of the people that we met, and
Riswynn: you know.
Riswynn: by the
Riswynn: the Undead in the area to get to the
Riswynn: through the dangerous places, to
Riswynn: talk to some outcasts and some
Riswynn: Well, they called them mad men, but you know everybody there was a bit
Riswynn: off
Riswynn: and
Riswynn: we we we were able to
Riswynn: understand that
Riswynn: the the place was sort of focused around the wrong doings of the of the one leader of this former
Riswynn: dwarfish
Riswynn: battle party. And so
Riswynn: it was necessary to
Riswynn: confront the past of that person, and, you know.
Riswynn: try to
Riswynn: talk through some of the
Riswynn: the shattered memories of those who had been part of that party, and
Riswynn: A good drink of wine helps with our avail, helped with some storytelling there and
Riswynn: We realized that that
Riswynn: the dreadful reputation of this person
Riswynn: really was tied in more with their previous battle service, fighting mine players and
just
Riswynn: being
Riswynn: utterly
Riswynn: battled and possessed as one can only be when
Riswynn: something is trying to feature
Riswynn: soul in your mind.
Riswynn: And so
Riswynn: that helped us to use the chalice to communicate to the gods.
Riswynn: You know
Riswynn: that they ought to consider this when judging the soul of
Riswynn: of this
Riswynn: Dorothy
Riswynn: leader.
Riswynn: And so.
Riswynn: having
Riswynn: worked our way through this
Riswynn: perilous land, and and figured out what had driven this place to come into existence. And
Riswynn: Was the motivation of of their
Riswynn: their history
Riswynn: that the Baha cells
Riswynn: to
Riswynn: chose to weigh the soul of this.
Riswynn: this leader, and and let us all out of that land. And so then there I was, with
Riswynn: dozens of dwarves who had been in that alternate dimension for hundreds of years. So hundreds, tens
Timothy Sackton: it's like
Timothy Sackton: 150, something like that.
Timothy Sackton: and it was like. Oh, we 800 dwarves not dozens.
Riswynn: Well, fortunately, we didn't have to talk to all of them to figure out what was going on.
Riswynn: It only 5. I only talked to dozen.
Riswynn: but yes, so these hundreds of dwarves and I
Riswynn: and one of the other
Riswynn: dwarfs who Joined into the
Riswynn: effort of
Riswynn: resolving this problem
Riswynn: made our way back to Thorn to.
Riswynn: and we had to.
Riswynn: You know we
Riswynn: we were able to embrace them in our community and
Riswynn: get them back and integrated into society that it took a lot of a lot of travel and a lot of
Riswynn: explaining and storytelling
Riswynn: in our in our Corvish ways.
Riswynn: but I was able, while I was on my way
Riswynn: back to the or to to swing by Tokras.
Riswynn: and so I do have some letters for us
Riswynn: some of them, for all of us. One of them is just
Riswynn: just for you. Ken so.
Riswynn: so I will. I will be happy to to share those
Riswynn: I got to talk to
Riswynn: We just told everyone to leave letters for us that
Riswynn: at Tokra, so I
Riswynn: but we don't know where they're from, or
Timothy Sackton: no, they're just we haven't yet, so we don't know
right.
Riswynn: I mean, I talked to dag and and vistra, and
Riswynn: so I just i'm putting all the letters into chat
Riswynn: verbal communications, but
Riswynn: with the letters I didn't.
Riswynn: you know, get a a return address on them so
Riswynn: we can. We can discover them together.
Riswynn: To grow.
Riswynn: Things are things are but possibly the same sort of thing that that was been alluding to. So
Mike Sackton: if our tails are done.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that was sort of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): probably a couple of I mean. Oh, I actually
the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no, it's it is worth it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just as an aside. Agata is still alive, and we trapped her in the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it turns out she was to female all along.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I I did meant to. I had to mention that that is still alive. A small issue attracts prison imprisoned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We decided it would be better to imprison her in a tree
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): partly as ironic a punishment, because that's what she did to others.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and partly because we we thought her You know, enemies in the Fay Wild might be a better judge than us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why did we not just kill her?
Riswynn: A guy that is alive in the stay wild, or that is alive in our room.
Timothy Sackton: It's in the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A very well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and seekers ring turned out to be a got to the whole time.
Mike Sackton: So we've been carrying. Yeah. So when we freed Typhenia
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, bringing her back to her place of power and then releasing her. Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the good news is, we managed to defeat her in the her place of great power. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I personally feel okay, I think she's she's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: imprisoned by the right beings that should be the ones imprisoning her
a
Mike Sackton: a just ending, I suppose.
to her.
Eric Rosenbaum: But who does it? Perhaps not the last? We'll see her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What?
Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's probably not too late to run back through last night falls and just kill her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anyway.
Yeah.
Riswynn: So we could eat. We could eat, drink, and read letters.
Riswynn: and I listen to Deb with.
Mike Sackton: Let me let me share my news, or or should we should we read your letters first as well?
Mike Sackton: I have much news of.
Timothy Sackton: Read the letters because let's just read those.
Riswynn: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we're. We're reading that we're taking a pause to actually read the letters.
Mike Sackton: So we pick one to discuss first
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 at all. Okay.
Mike Sackton: why not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no.
Mike Sackton: yes, Oftar. That was a sort of muttering. I hugged Our
Mike Sackton: of that is a problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was the one who was turned to stone by that sword.
Mike Sackton: He was freed. And
Mike Sackton: now things have gotten dark with him.
Mike Sackton: but more on that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Berkeley
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): comic, that he assumes the Chardonians cursed him in that when it was us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel some responsibility for his dark turn. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do not write to enlist your aid except passive, aggressively.
Mike Sackton: They do right to enlist your aid. I just can't dare ask you for it
Eric Rosenbaum: until and unless the samurai will speak to us. Let us discuss these, and let us. Let us read these letters, and I have much news to share some good.
Mike Sackton: That's good
Mike Sackton: and we can then discuss our next steps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, i'm reading the second one now. Yeah, me too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah same.
Mike Sackton: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Riswynn: I like to think that dough. It's holding it, and we're all sort of clustered.
Mike Sackton: So a tem loss to the East would be
Mike Sackton: east of
Mike Sackton: Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is just looking
Mike Sackton: like the color is like draining out of his.
Mike Sackton: He says, Chit! Crash has found it. He knows where it is
Mike Sackton: when he gets to the letter like when you get to the bottom paragraph about
Mike Sackton: a fortress to the East.
Mike Sackton: If you have gotten there. What
Riswynn: What letter are you reading?
Riswynn: Reading? One from a halfling
Mike Sackton: Now i'm reading the one for go here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would. Yeah, also.
Riswynn: Oh, go there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What does that mean?
Crash has it?
Mike Sackton: He does not have it yet.
Mike Sackton: but I have seen him preparing an army
Mike Sackton: to march east.
Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why would he march East
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to bring an army against the peaceful, the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the agricultural bablins and crashed the monster, and for all weren't they to the east of him.
Mike Sackton: And why do we? Why do you think they are?
Mike Sackton: Are they not perhaps peaceful, because they have found a way to silence the ringing of their
Mike Sackton: or a god in their minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that's what this click
Eric Rosenbaum: does accomplish.
Mike Sackton: I know it in my bones. That car, that garage knows where it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He must
Riswynn: the cloak
Timothy Sackton: only you had a flying castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, for all Guys
Mike Sackton: things have deteriorated with frog as well
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where have things gotten better?
Mike Sackton: Marcella seems safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell you more about the giant.
Mike Sackton: more on that in a moment what we're. We're reading the letters first
Mike Sackton: so, and then i'm going to share all of what I know
that
Eric Rosenbaum: do it? Who is d wild? Cl.
Mike Sackton: D. Was one of the adventures we met.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: in the winter, while we went on a date with
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): now for her Forget? Yes.
Mike Sackton: so d was another bright white.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I saw her
Mike Sackton: selling south towards the Sea of storms, or at least seeking a ship for such things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So My, that will be, looks that a slip of paper that fell out of the letter from D and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shakes his head and sighs.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): an offer
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): down to the Sea of storms.
She'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: Where is she headed to?
Mike Sackton: Did she say
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): self starting in, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Mike Sackton: What is south of the Sea of storms.
Timothy Sackton: I mean You've heard tales nobody really knows. But like. Every now and then a ship comes into chart in with
Timothy Sackton: weird spices and
Timothy Sackton: strange jewelry and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: There's like islands and things out there at it.
Mike Sackton: Kenzel, you were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza folds up his letter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I received a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: message from Queso.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my mentor. You remember? yes, I saw him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm very, very curious doublet of what you saw from Fausto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Case was fled chartered.
Mike Sackton: I knew that
Mike Sackton: I was in, and he was in an inn
Mike Sackton: somewhere
Mike Sackton: couldn't tell where. But it was a big building with a with a
Mike Sackton: creature.
Mike Sackton: a leviathan of some sort in the in the ceiling
that
Mike Sackton: some the largest skeleton I've ever seen
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was he? Was he all right? Was he in there? He seemed
Mike Sackton: safe, he seemed.
Mike Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't let me just double check my notes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he he's totally, you know. Yes, he's in was here, too. Just that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's fucking off at
Mike Sackton: It's a large in with a massive
Mike Sackton: he was. He was sitting drinking, I mean. He seemed
Mike Sackton: in
Mike Sackton: no immediate danger. He was
Mike Sackton: i'm, sitting at the bar, drinking when I saw my only
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he told me he had friends in the North.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He had safe passage in a way to escape. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: terrible news
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that it appears fast as grip on Chardon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fausto and his allies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They are strong; they are consolidating their power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whatever narrative, or whatever evidence we have against him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the forces of power and chart in, and our appear to be aligned behind Fausto all the way up to the magistro.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are for sure hunted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or at least enemies of the State.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we grow near, should we ever ever go near?
Mike Sackton: I I I guess.
Mike Sackton: guess. Who's crossing the Hara, near Tokra.
Good
Mike Sackton: our friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't go out. It's nice this time of year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Follow those with him as well
Mike Sackton: well as with him, although I think.
Mike Sackton: Let me tell you the tale of what I saw. I saw many things
Eric Rosenbaum: very good
Mike Sackton: first.
Mike Sackton: A few
Mike Sackton: bits of good news
Mike Sackton: I saw. I saw Marcella
Mike Sackton: making her way down out of the mountains to some large in complex at a crossroads.
Mike Sackton: I didn't
Mike Sackton: recognize the area, but she seemed
Mike Sackton: well on her way to whatever escape she was seeking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was snow blowing
Timothy Sackton: you. You! You describe it in enough detail that it? Yeah, you've You've you've passed through here on your way from
Timothy Sackton: this Isn't. This is one of the like crossroads ends on the on the road from Sambara to Tokra, on the other side of the mountains.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow! Well, all right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's one bit of bright news then.
Mike Sackton: Charoa is doing well.
Mike Sackton: I saw a lot of rebuilding.
Mike Sackton: The monsoon has been good.
Mike Sackton: There's a new caravan Surrey being constructed
Mike Sackton: and new date palms growing around the oasis
Mike Sackton: seems to have
Mike Sackton: been flourishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: and by this
Mike Sackton: that wasn't us all the the no, it was the to.
Timothy Sackton: There's one bell where I could down some trees by accident, but
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: I fear.
Mike Sackton: Goshiba
Mike Sackton: diva! And the Dental Kai
Mike Sackton: have turned out mezzars
Mike Sackton: a house in the in the village, and
Mike Sackton: theba has been
Mike Sackton: been restored, and there is much
Mike Sackton: belief that Mesar was a malignant power
Mike Sackton: or 2. The 2 creatures,
Mike Sackton: seeker that we fled from in his basement.
Mike Sackton: seemed to have been
Mike Sackton: still in the in the town.
Mike Sackton: and got loose, and convinced many that he was
not all he said.
Mike Sackton: where is this Mesar person? Mesar was the was the dragon.
Mike Sackton: The dragon was pretended to be an elf, and had dominated a village
Mike Sackton: Bennett, a den Aquai village of the
Mike Sackton: the Baniki tribe.
Timothy Sackton: They were poison elementals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we traveled there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of disciples of ride.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're my scum, and we we did indeed discover a piece of jade that along the
Mike Sackton: the woman who aided us, seems in good spirits, and
Mike Sackton: and much restored after the defeat of Mesar
Mike Sackton: Although I got the sense from things, I overheard that Chardon is an increasing presence
and a concerning one.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead risen.
Riswynn: Oh, I just. I remembered that you had told me about the dragon.
Riswynn: but I I the name.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we may have forgotten to tell you that the dragon was actually shape shifted as an elf.
Mike Sackton: and we didn't know it was a dragon until it almost killed us
Mike Sackton: other than that.
Mike Sackton: while d I saw t seeking she was seeking she was in Darba, taking a ship south
Mike Sackton: to the sea of storms.
Mike Sackton: so she
Mike Sackton: got out, it seems.
Mike Sackton: But other than that
Mike Sackton: there was little I saw that was good and much. I saw that was not
Mike Sackton: to start with, I guess. In Chardon
Mike Sackton: I saw
Mike Sackton: much
Mike Sackton: conversation. It seemed that fast, though I convinced this society of the open scroll that we stole from him.
Eric Rosenbaum: and well, I mean
Mike Sackton: we did. We did, I guess technically
Eric Rosenbaum: exactly
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: it seems that chartered would be quite dangerous place for us to return to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this time at least, a deadly place for us were to return to.
Mike Sackton: I saw Fausto
Mike Sackton: tricky one to scry
Mike Sackton: some places in his in his home are clearly awarded against scrying.
Mike Sackton: but I saw nothing truly suspicious.
Mike Sackton: he seemed to be mostly going about his life.
Mike Sackton: I did see him. Once in the slums on the far side of the river, Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: wearing a poor man's cloak disguised, I guess.
Mike Sackton: interesting, and he was flashing some coin to a man with a blank-eyed stare
Mike Sackton: chlight.
Mike Sackton: Maybe I don't know
Mike Sackton: what would give somebody a blank eyed stare looked. Did he look drugged
Timothy Sackton: him? He looked like the chlight zombies that you saw in the
Timothy Sackton: in the mirror vision
Timothy Sackton: of the Shadow Hunter like he was right.
Timothy Sackton: making some more shadow hunters to hunt you down.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great!
Mike Sackton: other than that I saw little that would.
Mike Sackton: There was another one of festo that I can't find that.
Mike Sackton: But it was nothing important
Mike Sackton: Then I sc oh, here we go.
Mike Sackton: Other than that. All I saw was evidence that he
Mike Sackton: is still
Mike Sackton: important. I saw him paying bills, and from a glimpse at his bills he is clearly still entertaining richly.
Mike Sackton: and funding many state dinners and or many dinners with
Mike Sackton: the high and mighty
it.
Mike Sackton: He has not lost any position.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my great fear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dullith, or for all of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: despite what happened with us and our hopes to try to reveal Fausta's true nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's only consolidated his power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He has charted even more in his grip
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: than before. Perhaps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he may have even been able to use our presence as a political advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's now seeking to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: expunge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eliminate his enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe that's happening now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Others, like Keso that may question him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are being eliminated.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think his ambitions might be?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Power?
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: The cleansed, I think, is
Mike Sackton: different than just power. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey? Did you ever come to understand what he means to cleanse
the
Timothy Sackton: it. he's! I mean you don't know other than he seemed like some fairly important leader, or I mean. He was obviously quite powerful.
Timothy Sackton: He wasn't like some low-level servant, obviously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we
Timothy Sackton: yeah, yeah, you have the eyes. We have the eyes.
Timothy Sackton: or in much part of a hole along with like, yeah, hundreds of
the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The question is the question is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, there's at least 3 players
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that are of great concern, Austo Garage and Apollon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me tell you about garage. Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: So I spent much time watching
Mike Sackton: It's it's easy to scry, because I've been there.
Mike Sackton: and I can just pop in and and see what's happening.
Mike Sackton: gosh!
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: harder to scry himself.
Mike Sackton: but he is preparing mightily for war
Mike Sackton: every time I walk it.
Mike Sackton: Every time I looked at Carson there was
Mike Sackton: bodies dug up
Mike Sackton: and reanimated.
Mike Sackton: constant ringing of forges.
Mike Sackton: Arming of the orcs arming of the bodies
Mike Sackton: he's dug up
And what
Mike Sackton: I saw from looking again and again
Mike Sackton: is that it seems
Mike Sackton: that he is
Mike Sackton: not planning it it. It it seems that he is planning to march East
Mike Sackton: right, a large army of Undead, a few 1,000 strong.
Mike Sackton: and as as many as 500. It works.
Mike Sackton: Prepare it. We're preparing just this week to march.
Mike Sackton: It seemed to me that they would probably be marching in the next month to 3, 4 weeks, perhaps
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: there was no sign from anything. I looked that they are moving west.
Mike Sackton: that they are moving south.
Mike Sackton: That was the quiet side. The activity is to the east
Mike Sackton: there was no sign. I could see that they had any way of defeating Shakun's match.
Mike Sackton: based on the letter from Govier about the cloak
Mike Sackton: fear. They know
Mike Sackton: if your garage has found the cloak, and knows where it is, and is ready to march East and claim it
Mike Sackton: for himself for his master.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. But say again, Delta, you believe that she iss magic will be able to thwart garage, or I don't think he's going west at all.
Mike Sackton: I saw no signs that he was preparing to go west. Right? Carson is
Mike Sackton: yeah last week towards done. My right East is into the playgrounds.
Mike Sackton: All the activity was on the east side of the city.
Mike Sackton: All the preparations were of these armies of skeletons.
Mike Sackton: An army of skeletons will not
Mike Sackton: make it through Shakun's magic without preparation. I saw no signs
Mike Sackton: of any kind of preparation. Now.
Mike Sackton: Could I be wrong? Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what defends this cloak that needs an army to
Eric Rosenbaum: retrieve it. You know not
Mike Sackton: that. I wonder. 2 thousands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we speculate again? Is the cloak's power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's silent in the gods balance. The gods
Mike Sackton: in minor news.
Mike Sackton: Let's see that's that's Carson. I have little else to share. But, Carson, I told you of Radlemere.
Mike Sackton: and that and the jade
Mike Sackton: there must the the Rodney, whoever they are.
Mike Sackton: or whatever they are, or it is, or he is, or she is.
Mike Sackton: seems to have a piece of jade.
Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where is her? Where are they again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First gods.
Mike Sackton: and that
Mike Sackton: your your companion from? Asks, do you?
Could we find him?
Mike Sackton: Do you know where he went?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I know where she was going
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): now. Of course it takes a little bit of doing, but he's findable
Mike Sackton: quite.
Mike Sackton: quite far from here, but of course ours is as well, I gather
Mike Sackton: worse, perhaps, even than Chardon and Carson.
Mike Sackton: It's the situation in
Mike Sackton: Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: Johar Johar has not been seen.
Mike Sackton: not been seen by the by, the King
Mike Sackton: every time I scrib him he is, he is imprisoned in a sow, as far as I can see, not
Mike Sackton: officially, not in a prison per se.
but he
Mike Sackton: every time I looked at him he was pacing
Mike Sackton: no visitors, no sign that he had accomplished his mission, or been able to talk to the King.
Mike Sackton: to that, to that.
Mike Sackton: you know, called King and dem everything
Timothy Sackton: somat. And I am card Mass
Mike Sackton: He was just in a Monk's cell basically
Mike Sackton: isolated
Mike Sackton: Sara. I spent much time also, both
Mike Sackton: talking to people on the road here and scrying Sarah
Mike Sackton: and Haftar
Mike Sackton: Havar was turned to stone.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: freed from the stone, and now believes that the sword
Mike Sackton: he has, he has become bloodthirsty.
Mike Sackton: There are rumors of him stealing horses from others.
Mike Sackton: He is raising an army for Sarah, and wants it to go to battle yesterday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Battle against
Mike Sackton: that Don Mar. He wants Sarah to to take Tokra by force, and then sweep, reclaim.
Mike Sackton: reclaim the to her rightful place on the throne. He talks of an evil at the heart of Dunmar.
Mike Sackton: I think, meaning
Mike Sackton: that must be vanished with steel.
Mike Sackton: He will not let the sword out of his sight.
Mike Sackton: He has been said, he's used its power against others to petrify his enemies.
Mike Sackton: turn them to stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You believe the current, the stone that the sword is cursed?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did the sword come from? Again? He got it from Akatan gave it to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It came from us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: speaking of things that
Eric Rosenbaum: came from us
Eric Rosenbaum: that we got from our later and gave away
Eric Rosenbaum: cleverly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gave Fausto
Eric Rosenbaum: the scroll of pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, I can't end well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, that's that's we. We know that that's the
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: You didn't learn anything further about that. No, Fausto is hard to scry. Not only does he have a good save right, but also parts of wherever he does, his most secret work is shielded from Scribe, and my scries never succeeded.
Riswynn: so what what level of Matri? Do we learn? The spell of takesy axes
Timothy Sackton: one seventeenth level when your twentieth level you can ask the gods for a favor once a week, and they have to
Mike Sackton: the only 10 more levels elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, You can attempt to ask the gods for a favor now, and if you go less than a 10
Timothy Sackton: on a hot d, 100, they'll grant it to you.
Mike Sackton: could try it. Please retrieve the scroll of pandemonium from
Mike Sackton: It was a mistake to give it to him. Take it to your safe little Bahara virus out place and destroy it. Please thank you kindly.
Mike Sackton: Tocra is an armed camp now there's so much tension in the street. I washed it. Carry into the inn for some time.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: It seems to be a Carnos establishment, but the sense I got of the city is is divided into Grams
Mike Sackton: Yes, people are carrying weapons openly in the street.
Mike Sackton: Somebody yelled when somebody came in to carry-ins. Get out No recruiting Here
Mike Sackton: it was
Mike Sackton: did not seem to be a
Mike Sackton: seem to be a place full of tension that the the walking monks have not picked aside
Mike Sackton: as far as I could tell that is take that is freezing that has frozen the conflict in place. Sara is not willing to move
Mike Sackton: without their blessing.
Mike Sackton: and so, by
Mike Sackton: by not acting, they have frozen the conflict, it seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but if any, do you have any insights on them on the the perspective of the monks?
Mike Sackton: I did not think describe them, but we could try now
Eric Rosenbaum: by voting present, they
Mike Sackton: by voting present they wow Kevin Mccarthy the new King of Dunbar. I described Sarah many times as well.
Mike Sackton: She
Mike Sackton: she is in a large army camp.
Mike Sackton: At 1 point I saw her meeting with Havar and a few other advisors.
Mike Sackton: They were talking about battle plans
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: talking about whether they should attack Tokra.
Mike Sackton: they They spoke of Chardonians coming to aid Karnas, possibly coming by sea to aid. Carnos
Mike Sackton: and Harvard was claiming with saying, they must strike now before Chardon's aid arrives.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know why
Eric Rosenbaum: would chart and be in league with
Eric Rosenbaum: at a summer.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: and can we even trust Hav. Dars is chartered even in league with the summarize.
Mike Sackton: You know what I've got to remember what I got to remember what Aged has said
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm paraphrasing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The best kind of conflict the best type of civil war is when both sides believe they are righteous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My problem is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meddling in Dunbar?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it connected to Chardon? Is it just her own
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chicanery
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could be? Both could be either.
Mike Sackton: I will say somebody seemed to have been spying on them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on him.
Mike Sackton: Sarah, I saw them.
Timothy Sackton: you you
Timothy Sackton: you you deal with were spying on them.
Timothy Sackton: well, yes, I
Mike Sackton: now I I
Mike Sackton: I I thought somebody was actually using clairvoyance as well. No, okay. They they I I may have caused some panic because they noticed at least by got them
Eric Rosenbaum: in the past.
Mike Sackton: Well, scrying is a lot safer than clairvoyance, because you can be.
Timothy Sackton: You can be further away. Yeah, but it's the exact same sensor that's created. There's no way to tell them apart. We see the disability.
Mike Sackton: I I fear
Mike Sackton: some.
Mike Sackton: The war is close to breaking out in Dunmar.
Mike Sackton: and I think hockey is at the center of it.
Mike Sackton: Finally.
Mike Sackton: amongst all of that, the last
Mike Sackton: group I spent time checking on is our dear friends
Mike Sackton: Cosmos and Cassian.
Riswynn: how are the boys?
Mike Sackton: Codmos is worded cannot be scribed.
Mike Sackton: no matter how many times I tried.
Eric Rosenbaum: But his companions are not
Mike Sackton: I saw.
Mike Sackton: I saw them traveling
Mike Sackton: first in the early day in the early
Mike Sackton: In the early
Mike Sackton: time I described weeks ago, they were passing through rolling farmland. Possibly
Mike Sackton: south of Chardon. It's not was not clear. More recently
Mike Sackton: I saw them
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: I saw them with Vola right? That's what I was trying to.
Mike Sackton: Fola has apparently joined them.
Mike Sackton: They are traveling
Mike Sackton: somewhere. Antonia.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Willingly join them.
Mike Sackton: It's hard to say.
Mike Sackton: Full
Mike Sackton: did not answer many of their questions. She seems to be
the
Mike Sackton: I think, willing. She seemed to be herself. Let me say it that way. She was not, I think, cleansed like Hector was.
Mike Sackton: I will say I saw
Mike Sackton: Cassian
Mike Sackton: once on October the 20 fifth, sitting with Cadmos on the deck of a ship going through the canal.
Mike Sackton: I think, going while watching a mage in sky blue robes
Mike Sackton: in the middle of his I
Mike Sackton: deal with was
Mike Sackton: in the other world when we went to the canal, so we wouldn't have seen it, but clearly he describes what you would have seen as the exact same mages going through the
Mike Sackton: going through the Cartonian Canal.
Mike Sackton: So sailing towards Darpa basically
Mike Sackton: Cassian turned to speak with Codmos, saying
Mike Sackton: he asked God, most can we trust her for
Mike Sackton: at least I I took it to me.
Mike Sackton: Cardmos, unfortunately, I think, can tell
Mike Sackton: when somebody is crying, because he
Mike Sackton: made a quick gesture to cash in to shut up.
Mike Sackton: and they were quiet until I, my scrying, ran out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question, For all of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we protect ourselves against crying?
Timothy Sackton: How do we know? I mean You've all probably been scried on like
Timothy Sackton: plenty of times by
Timothy Sackton: fast down by now.
Timothy Sackton: You used to have a top
Timothy Sackton: that would at least hint if somebody was crying.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's
Mike Sackton: 1,000 artifacts we could acquire, but we have none of them
Mike Sackton: now.
Mike Sackton: It is a Fifth Level spell right
Mike Sackton: dealt with basically cheats. It's there's not that many warlocks who can cast fifth-level spells. That was, can describe way more than Fausto because
Mike Sackton: Della doesn't really sleep. He just scries right like he just spends all like he spends all night
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right like
Mike Sackton: I also saw more recently
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: I saw
Mike Sackton: vola.
Mike Sackton: Tim's just telling me something.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only we had some kind of artifact that could just transport us all to the shadow realm temporarily, so that we could safely
Eric Rosenbaum: and conveniently discuss.
Eric Rosenbaum: free of the re subscribe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if we set up the portable hole as like a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a conversation pit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because in another dimension.
Mike Sackton: That's true, but only I just say like 20 min, the the
Mike Sackton: the one issue with the shadow realm seeker is that it's full of a hob goblin army from shamat
Eric Rosenbaum: details
Mike Sackton: ready to attack.
Mike Sackton: They think that the war is still on.
Mike Sackton: and they are prepared to.
Mike Sackton: and a
Mike Sackton: like. They're expecting to to fight. They they're like a gam, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but if we empty it out like if we let them out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, in the middle of the ocean or something. Is that a thing?
Mike Sackton: Possibly I
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love the idea of creating our own pocket dimension for meetings.
Mike Sackton: I will say I was never able to describe Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: did the ring of the warded mind protect against that, Tim?
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: no.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that maybe because I was in the yeah.
Riswynn: Yeah, back.
Riswynn: pass on to her and get the chalice. Then we can all go to the rum. The Bahar is out and have conversations
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Mike Sackton: One of us, the 2 right secret could probably go to the realm of the as well. 2 corrections. Tim is telling me I misread his notes, and Vola did seem pretty different.
Mike Sackton: So whether it's because she's unhappy or cleansed
Mike Sackton: unclear. But I should be. I should correct the impression she might have been cleansed like it's definitely not clear that she wasn't
Mike Sackton: but she's in they're coming to Dunbar. I mean
Mike Sackton: my most recent vision from a few days ago was what I think
Mike Sackton: was the Hara, the river near Tokra.
Mike Sackton: them crossing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so let's try to understand. Do it. Are there any other any other pieces to this puzzle.
Mike Sackton: Dane.
Mike Sackton: the other adventurer, the last last last piece
Mike Sackton: on a ship somewhere in warm blue waters off the coast of an island a small ship
Mike Sackton: talking to a scholarly man in weight, middle age.
Mike Sackton: My, my guess is, he accepted whatever
Mike Sackton: deal it was to go follow Severus, and he's often a war hunting treasure.
Riswynn: That's what I mean. Didn't that let her say that, too?
Riswynn: He said as much in her letter. Yes, yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure who or West believed. But after Vola disappeared something felt wrong, and I decided to get out. Dane thought before I: yeah, yeah, yeah. He was taking money and going to a lorry. So my my guess is, Vol. Was done for, based on that actually based on the combination of how she was acting when I saw her, and
Mike Sackton: the saying bullet disappeared.
Mike Sackton: She probably has been quenched
Eric Rosenbaum: is like turning you into a zombie.
Mike Sackton: So so, putting this all together. As far as I can see, we have
Mike Sackton: 3 problems and an opportunity.
Mike Sackton: 3 problems and 2 opportunities.
Mike Sackton: Dunbar is about to fall into civil war.
Mike Sackton: partly at least, because we gave off dar a cursed sword
Eric Rosenbaum: whoops.
Mike Sackton: That's one problem. I don't think that's on us, I think sword or no sword.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They were headed towards. So they were on their way towards civil War before he even got turned to stone.
Mike Sackton: You haven't seen him.
Mike Sackton: He is the he is a warmonger. Now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't get me wrong. I'm sure it's not making things better. But I I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, i'm just putting a little nuance on there
Mike Sackton: to do. Lots is appreciated.
Mike Sackton: that's our first problem
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: Cosmos
Mike Sackton: and his band of
Mike Sackton: unpleasantness.
Mike Sackton: It's coming
Mike Sackton: this way
Mike Sackton: as crossed is only weeks away as far as I can see.
Mike Sackton: Why are they coming this way? I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this way, being
Mike Sackton: well at the moment they're basically heading for us.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it was not an important not towards Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: They're in. They're crossing. They're heading east across Dunbar.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, whether for you or
Timothy Sackton: they're like south of Toka.
right?
Mike Sackton: But mere-ish, right, I mean. Well, who knows?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think they're headed to recover the cloak
Mike Sackton: that's not a theory
possibly
Mike Sackton: learning where we are on the map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I I I gotta take a quick break, because like for 5 min this is good time.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, sure. Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Put up a map while we do that.
Riswynn: Yeah, i'll put up a map here. Are you gonna do it in zoom, or do we need to join some other online thing? I think I can do it in zoom. When will the map be part of the infinite web page of everything
Eric Rosenbaum: it caught?
Riswynn: I wait not because the wife who hates the infinite because it's deals the husband. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, I I i'm, i'm. I I mean my, you gotta blame you. You gotta blame me.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That threed graph, though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what 3 do you graph?
Mike Sackton: If you go to the tag verse you can, you can get this graph that shows all the linkages between all the articles, and it has a threed mode.
Timothy Sackton: So you're right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Riswynn: the latitude and launch
Timothy Sackton: That's so funny.
Yup.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a little bit west of there.
Timothy Sackton: maybe more like.
Timothy Sackton: maybe more like there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: an area we had not quite passed through before.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're sort of east of ravens. You're like
Timothy Sackton: You're like about a 100, and you're about 200 miles from
Timothy Sackton: you. Don't, Mrs. Tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it isn't this the location that had been previously marked.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I I have a different version of the map up. I
Timothy Sackton: find out exactly where it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's cool. I was just make sure. I remember quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are indeed at the portal, and
Eric Rosenbaum: Zika would be interested to know if we can get back through this portal from this side.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, any any time at sunset you can
Timothy Sackton: across the pole at the moment the sunset. The light of sunset hits the
Timothy Sackton: water the portal, for like 10 min
Riswynn: we have water on their side as indicated by the thread
Timothy Sackton: on the other side. You need the thread because it's always on side
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: You can just watch the sunset.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, don't we have this sensitive conversation inside the fay. Well, then.
Timothy Sackton: well, then, your trap there for at least a day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then our enemies can't listen to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll talk about what we're trying to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really, what we should do is have dozens of conversations
Eric Rosenbaum: suggesting that we're going to do different things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's actually a great idea.
Timothy Sackton: Isn't, that our strategy, already
nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: using misinformation tactics on ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Where's Cadmus?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you think somewhere like like around the D in Denmark
Timothy Sackton: somewhere like here. Roughly.
huh?
Mike Sackton: But like it could be who knows? Right? I mean all. All I really know is they're heading east across Dunbar
Eric Rosenbaum: right, and that they've gotten to the river Hara right so they could be much closer.
Mike Sackton: Well, that was like 3 days ago that they crossed the river so they couldn't be that much closer. Right? No, it's just. I don't really know how far north they are right or south.
Timothy Sackton: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know that
Timothy Sackton: Sarah's camp is right there
right
Timothy Sackton: right? They're presumably not. They can't really be riding between Sarah's camp and Toka
Timothy Sackton: right, because it would be too much too much going on
Mike Sackton: heading east.
Mike Sackton: so they probably are heading towards the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which would imply if they were, that would imply that they are not allied with garage it would
that
Mike Sackton: the org chart conversation
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: it wouldn't necessarily. Well, it depends. Are they going to hook up with garage to be like his lieutenants.
Mike Sackton: or are they going to try and beat? Crush? We, we don't know right. We have to eat them to beat the army to the cloak right
Riswynn: right
Riswynn: it could be either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any way to figure out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's just so frustrating. No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the relationship between garage and Fausto.
Mike Sackton: Well, do you know anything about the relationship between a poly on and all of these people
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a poly on. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of the many things that we could be doing. I know you said, there's 3, 2 opportunities, 3, or should we wait for. Let's wait for short. Let's let's.
Riswynn: we re-introduced me to a poly on
Mike Sackton: a poly on was the last emperor of drank, or
Mike Sackton: who
Mike Sackton: is
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: a wit shared mummy or some terrible thing, and is trapped in some dungeon, some crystal crystal prison.
Mike Sackton: that is being held closed by right that was being held closed by rye, but is now not so closed because rise, fist, jade fist chattered.
Mike Sackton: and he created theceptor of command, and possibly the other artifact like we know, 3 artifacts right, the of command. Oh, and the you build it all 3 to to create. Yeah, that that that's our guess is that he now
Mike Sackton: what else? We don't really know very much out about
Mike Sackton: a poly on
Eric Rosenbaum: here. You can just use the management. There we go if we, if I go through the get history. Tim accidentally checked in the version with all of his secret notes, but i'm not actually going to look at it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well. But also we do. We know how poly on because presumably he's all 3 items to like, you know, conquer and control much of the land. But then something happens that ended his rule.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And was that the plague or
Mike Sackton: yeah, right. Remember. Drank or collapsed in the plague.
Mike Sackton: right? I was like the end of Dranko. Was this giant plague, which is where
Mike Sackton: he died in the giant plague, or became undead, or whatever right we don't we we still don't know the origins of the giant plague.
Mike Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so we don't know the reason for the fall of drank or and the death of a poly on
Riswynn: germs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is a critical yeah. Rsv.
Mike Sackton: You you guys are forgetting, with Tim's back. But you're forgetting to tell us this story about on this Pera.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what
Eric Rosenbaum: from the Fay world adventure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his story about what the crazy guy from drank or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, Who's now? helping to guard gata?
Mike Sackton: He he!
Mike Sackton: He knew a lot about drank, or and he knew about this on this plura organization.
Mike Sackton: which Tim do we have any in-game reason to believe that on this plura and the cleans are related.
Mike Sackton: Why do I think they're related.
Timothy Sackton: it's unclear. Why, you think they're related.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: i'm
Mike Sackton: pretty sure. Just because I
Mike Sackton: can guess that they're related. But I couldn't think it couldn't remember if I had any actual in-game reason for thinking that they were
Mike Sackton: this ominous creepy names, things
Mike Sackton: cleansed as a mysterious secret society seeming to be dedicated in some way to drink quarry and purity.
Timothy Sackton: That's why you think they're related. Because omnis pira sounds like
Riswynn: and period, which possibly is the actually useful clue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. We were just talking and speculating, so nobody knows, or at least we don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what caused the fall of a poly on and the and the
huh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like like this. Plague a
Timothy Sackton: There was no right now.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's the one thing I didn't share.
Mike Sackton: Well, he's got totally mad. The calmness at the center, the at the center of the tower is completely gone.
Timothy Sackton: Fuck: Well, let's let's talk about that when she works out I mean it's Kenza's coming influence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can't look at it. You's been a way too long. Thames are gonna have to get it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get deep.
Timothy Sackton: No, nobody knows nobody knows how, drank or fell, precisely except for the like eerie similarity between
Timothy Sackton: a plague that ended, drank, or and shameless plague during the great war
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and shameless plague. He started that play.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how did you do that?
Timothy Sackton: I thought the idea of Red Mist would be a cool villain
Timothy Sackton: when I was 16.
Timothy Sackton: I don't remember the mechanic exactly. I mean. Shima was super powerful. He could just kind of do anyone and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess i'm just trying to. You know it's like if there's one historical plague and then another later historical plague
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are they related?
Mike Sackton: Shamat prisons, Apollo in prison to poly on
Mike Sackton: That's what i'm just reading the first dream of rye
from
Mike Sackton: the collected from the Taco. For us it says Shamat in prison to poly on
Mike Sackton: the skeletal arm shatters and vanishes and you relax. This is as rye, and you will actually turn your attention to the long, thinkless task of maintaining this prison for whatever evil was great enough that even Shemat felt the need to walk it away.
Mike Sackton: That's from rise perspective. Right? Yeah.
Fucking bitch
Mike Sackton: You award of great complexity and power, a of schemat's creation again from a rise. Perspective, right?
Timothy Sackton: It's quite useful to click on. So like. If you go to schemat, you can look at all the backlinks from schemat. You can see all of the time she must have mentioned in any session. Note dream letter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is crazy, Tim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So that was the first dream of Rye.
Mike Sackton: The second dream of Rye was
Timothy Sackton: the second dream of Dry was the destruction with the
dead.
Timothy Sackton: The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that's the other thing, too, right? It's like pretty clear that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting a poly on back in the box involves us getting all the pieces. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's maybe a one of the more obvious quests.
Timothy Sackton: Only you had a flying castle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Obviously, the first thing we're gonna do is go get a flag castle. Okay. Next next next up next up. Clearly. Praulgar, deal with his cloudy mind thing! Get him on our side. Get the Giant Flying Castle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker, establishes his research laboratory in the Flying Castle is
Riswynn: we ward the Flying Castle against scrying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely. Do that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then from there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, it's just a question of. Are we gonna interject it all into this like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done more craziness. Just fly deep into the plugins and find out what's there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, do you guys try to get the pieces of rye
that, like
Mike Sackton: one of the opportunities, we have a pretty good lead on one of the pieces of rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Follow it
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean. There, there, there! There's a part of all this that feels like pretty irresponsible to just like, not anything about done more, but also kind of like we we could just go 2,000 miles away. And
Eric Rosenbaum: but what would we do about Denmark if we were going to do something? It's not clear what
Mike Sackton: the the what the one thing we could do is like. Go take back the cursed sword from.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then see what happens.
Mike Sackton: We don't have to kill them right. We just need a high-powered cleric
named
Eric Rosenbaum: Gas Remove curse
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seriously like. I wonder if there's a way to do that like in total subterfuge, where, like we don't have to show up and like be political figures that actually would be bad if we could like somehow secretly remove the curse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then for the CIA basically
Mike Sackton: the the the
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to read that letter again. What it what is.
Mike Sackton: speaker? I actually want? Wait. Who is my me. Well, you know what i'm not even going to ask.
Mike Sackton: I guarantee you, speaker, Laura is.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I don't know I didn't actually totally fill in the notes of every.
Timothy Sackton: but you can usually figure it out for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the leader of the walk, and missed I and Tokra.
Mike Sackton: so she wants us to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who could we install as a puppet dictator of?
Eric Rosenbaum: And I mean
Mike Sackton: we could go to the some rat 9 carnos right?
Timothy Sackton: That would be pretty easy if you had a planning castle
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: I I I feel like we should like
Mike Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: I mean that's one of the problems right like one problem is
Mike Sackton: garage is about to find a powerful artifact.
Mike Sackton: One problem is Cod. Most is about to do something terrible with his band of
Mike Sackton: Mary. Adventurers
Mike Sackton: possibly help crash, find a power, in fact, possibly kill us.
Mike Sackton: And I really want to rematch like we're higher level. Now, we could totally take it
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Mike Sackton: and most of our garage had us. We could take God most
Mike Sackton: he probably has; but, like
Mike Sackton: we could take them.
Mike Sackton: we almost beat him, and we had like no hit points and no spouse so like we could take it
Mike Sackton: because you could not take it
Eric Rosenbaum: by the
Riswynn: powerful wizard friends during her individual or 5 of you and 2 of them when you
Timothy Sackton: and
Riswynn: a draw
Timothy Sackton: I draw.
Mike Sackton: No, there wasn't 5 of us Kenzo had ran off after Marcella, and same with
Mike Sackton: well be.
Timothy Sackton: that's true. But they came back
Timothy Sackton: once. They quickly knocked Marcel unconscious.
Mike Sackton: but by the time they got back it was our
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: they didn't have any of their front line, though
Mike Sackton: we? Well, we don't have it from
Timothy Sackton: we didn't wait. Where was this? One Was there?
Timothy Sackton: Rizwin was chasing up riz, one cast wall fire that was very helpful that provided cover for Wellbe and Marcellus.
Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we don't really have a front line, which is a little unfortunate. I mean rid of. It is our friend line basically like is Dallas, and okay from.
Mike Sackton: And Kansas is sort of a front. But like we don't have any official from
Timothy Sackton: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like really funny, being on the side quest for their actual fighters in the party, and it's like it'd be so great to have a fighter. One fighter would be great.
Mike Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: I mean so if you animate a ladder and some in an elemental that's a pretty good front line purely for that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we summon an elemental?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, the new speaker has a style
Eric Rosenbaum: Haven't used it yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that.
Mike Sackton: So? I mean, yeah, the fundamental sounds like a pretty good thing to put in Cadmus's face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just met a gaming for a second. Tim, you know it's pretty clear. We're gonna get the fine castle next. So that's you know. So you know we we have to get that to do the other things we want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, after we get the Flying Castle, then it's like, yeah, is it finding the pieces of ride that feels like a pretty obvious thing that we got to do. We also know what the fuck is going on with the poly on like he's still like kind of trapped, but not trapped, like. What is he even doing? How do we know about him? In the first place, again, what happened to us in game that let us even like become aware of visions, Rise the dreams that Kenzo and I all had in the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that's when we realized that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we don't know there's no clear. It's not obvious yet what a poly on is doing in the current world, right like is
Mike Sackton: trying to break free. I think, is all we know.
Timothy Sackton: But is your yeah. The the like prison thing is always a little bit
Timothy Sackton: unclear to you, right? All like Kansas visions and stuff is like. Has he broken free? Is he
Timothy Sackton: free? Is he like in the process of breaking free?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
Timothy Sackton: Bye?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also. So one thing we don't understand is like, what's the relationship between a poly on and a garage? And Fausto like that? Those 3 like, what do we? Yeah, you don't know at all with the relationship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what what are we? What are we? What are we? I mean. It feels like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: garage and a polyon feel like there would be more natural allies, because, like Rush is some kind of weird like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: land of the Undead dude who's got the ring, You know he's got one of the 3 items, you know.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean, you know. Gosh!
Timothy Sackton: Had a boss who was angry with him for not
Timothy Sackton: finding stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and but but the likelihood of that garage, that boss is a polyon versus fasto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much more likely that that boss is a poly on right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. I'm looking at. I'm looking at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my party members here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I still can't shake the feeling that there's a relationship between
Mike Sackton: a polyon and
Mike Sackton: and that I mean Fausto is clearly part of an evil secret society that is turning people into Zombies right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, doing something terrible to them, called quencing right? Right? So so that whole thing I forgot about the whole, like the the relationship between the cleanse and drink Orient. And can we say that again what that relationship was.
Mike Sackton: All we know is that
Mike Sackton: the cleanse does something to do it. It it
Mike Sackton: it hearkens back to drink, or in some fashion. I think that's all we really know.
Timothy Sackton: There, there was like None of you are pure enough to be saved. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: it's like something about drank core and purity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a great thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a white supremacy thing, but like a drank or in supremacy thing. But that's actually really interesting. Right? So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again, this hearkens back to the history of the fall of the drink. Orion Empire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was a poly on. I wonder if we can look up this history actually. But we couldn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was a poly on trying to in his contemporary time create some type of, you know. The drank Orion supremacist, like, you know, create a society of like pure drankconians, right so poly on was at that time trying to do his own version of the cleanse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, you know, somehow, this weird fucking miss comes kills everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that's always been. His goal is like some kind of pure drink, or in a Drankonian empire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now, oh, fuck!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If Fausto and his crew are now like really taking control of chart in which they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Could a poly on not be manipulating Fausto and the secret society as a way, because, like at the end of the day, come on, a Polyons try to recreate the drink Korean Empire today. Right? What better way than to do that through charting, which is the note, the modern Day Empire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? So with so it actually would make a lot of sense for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appalling on to be like manipulating, or in league with Fausto
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to try and establish chart in as the new drank, for
Timothy Sackton: maybe you should talk to somebody who is alive when drink like the giant I was just gonna say, is the Does the giant remember
Eric Rosenbaum: that old? Well, what about call us?
Timothy Sackton: He Does he wasn't he predates the fall by
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. One of the Here's the letters you found in you, Don't. Mrs. Tower.
Timothy Sackton: I hope this finds you alive. You must flee West as quickly as possible. There is no time to worry about Hogar
Timothy Sackton: Head. West charted may be safe. A plague of great magical power has struck. The Emperor is already dead.
Timothy Sackton: Several magistrate teleported to safety of it. Where they have gone is unknown.
Mike Sackton: so
Mike Sackton: Fragr will tell us more.
Mike Sackton: Once we restore his eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, that's going to be great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's gonna be so happy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can see clearly now. My eyes are back in my side. I mean, we paid a fair bit for those eyes right like
Mike Sackton: I mean, I guess the Flying Castle is worth quite a bit right like once we get the Flying Castle working. It's going to be worth having, all of chart and trying to hunt us down. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, so this is interesting, too, right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is starting to make more sense right if a poly on is also connected to using the cleanse, manipulating Fausto, trying to restore charges as the modern day drank, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and maybe it is one or chart right. Maybe it is just a polyons at the top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then garage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is out on the east, trying to get together all of the artifacts
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for a poly on right zoom to fully like, you know. Re, you know, establish his old rule. He needs all those artifacts. So Garage is on the Far East, just fucking, trying to get all this together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My question is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who the fuck else knows? We have this scepter? And Who else is trying to find us? Does anybody know that we have the scepter?
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: The hacklings do.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Why don't we tell the half that it was a bad idea. You did not. Well, we did it. I can well be
Eric Rosenbaum: well. He has no sense of operational.
Timothy Sackton: like all the ha, like the general halfling network, knows not. He told it as well be told it to somebody in Tokra as part of the story of the song of this year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's what it's spreading among the half ones. He did it in his social media recap. He's like.
Riswynn: Does that mean D is going to eventually fall and find out
Timothy Sackton: all the halflings. Now they all they all know the same song. So I mean she passed through Garba, so it's, spreading
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't spread it. It's
Riswynn: not not not the the other one
Mike Sackton: Jane
Riswynn: thing.
Timothy Sackton: He's a dwarf.
Riswynn: Oh, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait. So so if it is all one or chart right, and a polyons on the top garage is trying to find items. Faust is trying to consolidate power in Chardon. We've now given them the the fucking scroll pandemonium
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with this cleansing thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then all we gotta do is go find the pieces of rye assemble that back together
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figure out where Dimitar is, and we put a poly on back in the box.
No.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Riswynn: I mean, what if
Riswynn: part of it, Polyons resurrection requires, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of critical mass of peer drain orions, like great question. Great question of poly on to like will be like materialize again. That's a great fucking question. We have no idea what that answer is that right?
Timothy Sackton: No clue?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think.
Mike Sackton: not to totally change the topic. But our real question is, Are we going to do anything by Denmark? Do we let it burn?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably let it burn
Riswynn: thoughts and prayers.
Mike Sackton: The only country that for this regularly happens
Riswynn: seriously. What if I what if we the the what if, instead of trying to get the scroll pandemon in back? I asked the gods. Oh, actual thoughts and actual prayers. Chris, it's like players are real here, not to me. This you get a 10% chance, and you can do that every day.
Timothy Sackton: You can try every day once it works. You have to wait a week to try it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I should be devotedly
Timothy Sackton: trying to redirect history every day. I mean it can't do. It's not like a
It's not like
Timothy Sackton: completely
Timothy Sackton: just redirect history, right like it's roughly equivalent to like a high level spell.
Riswynn: so they couldn't give me. They couldn't take the sword from
Timothy Sackton: Oh, they could definitely uncurs, I mean they could.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, uncursing
Timothy Sackton: popped. Our would be a 100%
Timothy Sackton: within the realm of possibility.
Riswynn: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: but i'm doing reversing time, or like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, making it so. Something didn't happen, or like teleporting an object from one place to another like there's things that would be
Timothy Sackton: somewhat out of reach.
Riswynn: So, uncursing have to our realistic prayer.
Riswynn: remove the scroll pandemonium from Fausto's possession. Unreal. It's probably less realistic.
Riswynn: so totally worth it just for the the unpersoning the sort right? So we should. You should probably be doing that every day 10%.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So a failed role just has no effect.
Timothy Sackton: A failure. All has no effect.
Timothy Sackton: You can't try again until the next day. A successful role
Timothy Sackton: means you can't. You can't do it again. You can't do something else until a week has passed
Timothy Sackton: speaking of which, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: and we're supposed to have 2
Timothy Sackton: items in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You had time to look at 2 items in the mirror in
Timothy Sackton: the Tikula village before you are all split up. And now, of course, it's recharged so you can look at a third item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at the ring of the word in mind.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, you can't do that, because that would invalidate the whole adventure.
Timothy Sackton: Wait! Why would it validate the whole event?
Timothy Sackton: Not of
Timothy Sackton: none of Typhoon's story was true?
Timothy Sackton: Do you still have a quote ring of the word in mind, or did that sort of poof when you figured out the whole? It's still there. It still works, in fact, now secret that this spirit goes into the ring, and he and you can carry him around trapped, figure out a way to resurrect him.
Timothy Sackton: which, in fact, you have a scroll of resurrection
Timothy Sackton: that you got from.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: and you have a school of Don't forget you have a scroll of telephone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Where do we get a scroll of resurrection, the scroll of teleport
Timothy Sackton: from the dragon layer. Do you not read the like treasure lists I send you?
Mike Sackton: I did. I just forgot about that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! I have
Eric Rosenbaum: speak with dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're just in the party treasurer. You nobody put them on their character.
Timothy Sackton: It was right at the end of of the Cape. Every we were like just kinda
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: Where is party treasure?
Mike Sackton: You put it into your office, but I don't know if that's the best spot for it, because we can't. That's actually that should be pretty accurate.
Timothy Sackton: A spell scroll and an elaborate iron case carved between Korean symbols, containing an ancient scroll of the teleport spell.
Timothy Sackton: a spell scroll in a heavy skull case of good dwarfs
Timothy Sackton: seal carved with icons of the bars out, containing a skull of the resurrection style.
Timothy Sackton: Now the tell part you only have one
Timothy Sackton: tasking of it, so it's one way.
Eric Rosenbaum: and for how many people
Timothy Sackton: up to 8.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's what it's considering.
Riswynn: Want to get to us, or wherever it is
Eric Rosenbaum: or no, we need to get get to the castle
Eric Rosenbaum: so that we can fly it.
Riswynn: That's so close.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah, we could ride there then. Not that long. But
Mike Sackton: it depends on whether we think days matter right?
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: it. It it seems like we could do basically one of 3 things. Once we get the castle
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: we could go after
Mike Sackton: the jade in Ersk.
Mike Sackton: We could
Mike Sackton: go after.
Mike Sackton: Go see what's going on in Carson, and see if we can find a way to stop garage.
Mike Sackton: or we could go
Mike Sackton: to somewhere to try and deal with
the done Mari.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey? I i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm so sorry to keep you all
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): waiting
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no problem, we we
Timothy Sackton: that we we've inconclusively gone in circles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been.
Riswynn: I've instituted a plan of thoughts and prayers.
Riswynn: Tim, I've opened
Riswynn: d and D beyond. I'm gonna do my role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, let's do one right now. What is it is? Let's see if I can see 100 Mari Civil war. This is actually perfect, because we can solve the Dun Mari Civil war from afar by just having rizwin every day rolling. You know, a 10% chance at that. Up over a bunch of days we can have 2 weeks to travel. We're going to get it.
Mike Sackton: To be honest, I think Webey is probably right. That simply uncursing how the have dar will not, in fact.
Timothy Sackton: 77 the gods, don't hear your prayer today.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I 2, and jump back into character.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): well be safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, here's the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The problem this civil war isn't Just hef darts that the gods aren't speaking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're waiting for some sort of intervention from the gods
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): changing. Hector won't necessarily change that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But here's what I think, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's a hard thing to leave Denmark to itself. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I worry a little bit more about the cloak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no one else
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who's able or equipped to go after it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who knows where it is?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know where it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and we have at least the sketchy outlines of the beginning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: East
Mike Sackton: A. For in particular
Timothy Sackton: that rules out 75% of the directions. It could be
Riswynn: true. It's like we're practically there already. I'll be lobby as a wise halfling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I I bet we could dig in and figure that out. But it strikes me that that's a thing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no one else could do, and I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I worry maybe more about what it would mean for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gosh, or for our Chardonian friend
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to get their hints on that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): than anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the I it seems as though there's ultimately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the short term
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: our next step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels like we should go to. That's next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Absolutely yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beyond that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it feels like there's 3 possible
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: choices.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one we had to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and try to find the next piece of
shade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels as though assembling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rise hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll play some critical role in either thwarting or putting a poly on back.
Mike Sackton: I will say, Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: there. My sense from watching Rodmer
Mike Sackton: is.
Mike Sackton: I think, Tim correct me if i'm wrong. But the situation there is a little bit static
Mike Sackton: he never sent. He never. I mean somebody has the jade
Mike Sackton: It's been in for many years.
Mike Sackton: Going after it
Mike Sackton: tomorrow or in 4 months will probably not make much difference in what
Mike Sackton: and West the differences to a Polyon as opposed to the jade. It is.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: not in an immediate danger of being
Mike Sackton: destroy or lost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good!
Good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that's to our advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, so that's one route. Another route well be, as you say, is to go East and look for the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And here again i'm curious, if everyone's speculations, how every how, this is all connected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I it feels as though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if in fact, Fausto is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of this cleanse trying to restore a purity to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: drank, or the old drank, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would it not make sense that Fausto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now that he's consolidating power power within Chardon? Would not a poly on be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeking to restore the Drankorean empire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: through Chardon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: through Fausto, through Omni Purists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that
Eric Rosenbaum: so it's settled. Then
Eric Rosenbaum: at dawn we ride for charting.
Mike Sackton: It's settled. Then at dawn we teleport back to the volcano that
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: Kenzo found and throw the sector
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can teleport us.
Mike Sackton: you missed that, Tim reminded us. We have a scroll of teleport.
Timothy Sackton: You can do it once, but it's
Timothy Sackton: one way. Once you teleport you're stuck there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we're not, though, because Langau and and Motua can help us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then we just go back to the fate will be. How did Kenz get to the fay wild
Eric Rosenbaum: for that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean our in can also
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): teleport us to this or another plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so if we teleport to our in.
Timothy Sackton: So there's 2 separate spells. Teleport. Let's see teleport on the same plane
Timothy Sackton: plane shift, which is what Len Gau and Aaron did
Timothy Sackton: cannot send you to the same plane. It can only send you to a different
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so we can send you to the favor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys, this is a little crazy. This is a little crazy, but we can be kind of crazy right now, and actually go teleport ourselves to volcano and throw the sector in like right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, but we might need to. Where is the volcano? Hold on to the sip to be thousands of miles to the east.
Riswynn: to the east and the south.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like good drink core, and then it's got East like 2,000 miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what if we need to use the separate or something just
Mike Sackton: has no use
Mike Sackton: that is not evil.
Mike Sackton: Put it out of your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Just so. You know how teleport works, if you will. If If the person casting the spell which is going to be seeker, we could see.
Timothy Sackton: The only one, you know, is Teleport
Timothy Sackton: has only seen a description of the place.
Timothy Sackton: There is a 25% chance you land in the the correct location.
Timothy Sackton: There's a
Timothy Sackton: 25% chance you land off target by
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: i'm not. We're up to 15, up to 20% of the distance you traveled. So if you travel several 1,000 miles 20, that's not a huge distance. There's a
Timothy Sackton: 15% chance you end up in a similar area in a totally like a thematically similar place somewhere totally else in the world.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a 45% chance you end up
Timothy Sackton: with a Miss app
Timothy Sackton: which does damage, and then you will again to see where you wind up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but but but okay, I think we have not done this yet, but we can. I'm sure. With our collective abilities we can figure this out. I should be able to somehow like give to seeker
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very detailed like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feel like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the a highly high resolution, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: picture of where the volcano is right. There there has to be some way that we can do that.
Timothy Sackton: It's still as long as
Riswynn: as long as Seeker has not seen it personally, it doesn't help. Are we going to ken those volcano, because we know some supernatural beings who can then transport us someplace else we're trying to play skip, pop.
Riswynn: so we can
Riswynn: seekers volcano, because there's no supernatural beings there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, secret could easily teleport you back to
Timothy Sackton: his volcano. His the volcano near his home, but that he stuck in some bar. Huh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is why we need to the the Flying Air shit. Because then we can just travel there.
Riswynn: How about what's the what's the how many miles of the the airship fly day to with me? Tim keeps dropping the hints that we should do the airship something something. What is that? What is he even talking about?
Mike Sackton: So where is this airship? I I think maybe the teleport.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like a ship, but it's it's. It's it's it's? It's a. Yeah, it's cracks, you know. You've known this for a long time.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: No one is used loosely in this sense. But but yes.
Mike Sackton: part of the ground embedded in the ground
Timothy Sackton: tower, which is originally in Alvin Tower, is built on top of a crash storm Giant airship.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't know. That was definitely canonical. That's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: You give us too much credit, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But fixing their shit. But we just got it. All we got to do is go return for all our's eyes back to him. Some, like peaceful meditation. Shit with them columns that down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then he's gonna wake up, tell us about, cause he was around when drank our fell. Tell us the details about a poly on anything he knows about the weird red and miss that like end of the Empire, and then he fixes the airship. We all get on the airship, and then we use the airship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to then go to any volcano we want fucking throw the sector in.
Riswynn: I do kind of like the idea of being really risky and just trying to cast teleport right now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and see what happens, because I
Timothy Sackton: I mean it would likely end up in a different volcano if you ended up off target?
Mike Sackton: And do we just need a volcano, or do we need an entrance to the elemental plane of fire. We needed edges to the elemental plan of fire, but sulph free told Del with that many powerful volcanoes are, in fact, entrances to the element. And the volcano that I went to definitely was because fucking fire elemental, like
Mike Sackton: you know, I mean
Mike Sackton: why Don't we find Aaron and just have him plane. Shift somebody to the plane of fire.
Mike Sackton: I mean that person probably died, but you know
Eric Rosenbaum: I could summon an elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give them the scepter, and then hope that they
Mike Sackton: we just the receptor, and tell them to go back to the plate of back to the plane where they came. I guess they wouldn't be able to bring this up there with them. They couldn't bring the receptor with them. They would come back at the head of an invading army of the elementals.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that would be pretty awesome, though the plan is to make more trouble for a poly on we somebody's gonna have to deal with the invading. I think half our sword was bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the one hand we we united the done Mari, but we united them against an invading army of fire element. We we we have been really good at this note. In that case campaign is giving items we shouldn't to to beings and entities that shouldn't have them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's only gonna happen. We we decide to go east first before discerning destroying the scepter. We are 100% going to end up giving the fucking sector to garage. And this massive, fucking giant ass army that he, I don't think so.
Riswynn: Is there any chance the Storm giant is going to want the sceptre like. Should we destroy it before we hang out with?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I asked Aaron like, what should we know about storm giants, and he said, they're honorable beings. Treat them honorably, and they'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know they'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm not worried about it.
Riswynn: We have a history of
Riswynn: to dangerous people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But don't you all think, given all this that we should go destroy the scepter first before we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry we can do this in character. Sorry
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's unwise to bring the scepter into territory control by crash, certainly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but I also think destroying the sceptre First
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): may mean we lose the opportunity
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to get the cloak right now we have the distance advantage
Eric Rosenbaum: Who?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're closer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe we don't even understand what the receptor is. Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: we know exactly what it needs for the analysis
Riswynn: we do need to. I I, if
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sorry, but we'll be takes the amulet and carefully tucks it underneath.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. You already have a
Timothy Sackton: that our our ban from Shamat. Do you really need a sector of command to
Eric Rosenbaum: imagine combining their power?
Riswynn: He's going to go into the shadow realm and come out weeding. And how Goblet Army? Oh, that's true! Actually like! How else would you achieve your dream of leading up God? What are me? I see what happens if you pull the sector of command with your gutlet of
Riswynn: magic crystal power.
Eric Rosenbaum: it to.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything
Mike Sackton: I I I think I agree with Wellbe that our immediate
Mike Sackton: action should be to go East.
Mike Sackton: and I think
Mike Sackton: both
Mike Sackton: once once we've restored for Allgar, both because
Mike Sackton: it is the chance. Squash is on the move soon. We do not have time.
Mike Sackton: If we ignore it.
Mike Sackton: we'll lose the opportunity to do something, and also because I think we will
Mike Sackton: learn much there.
Mike Sackton: If Cosmos is also heading east.
Mike Sackton: it might help us understand. The chain of
Mike Sackton: is Cardmos working with crash garage or against garage
Mike Sackton: is
Mike Sackton: we knew
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's working together.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we not know that for sure we do not.
Mike Sackton: We know Garage has a boss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know Cadmus is working for fastos. Exactly. Flatmus is connected to Fausto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The relationship between Fausto garage and Napoleon is not as quietly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Who is who is garage's? Boss, is the question that we do not know. The answer to the simplest answer would be that a polyon is both garage's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: boss as well as fastos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and they're all working together.
But it
Mike Sackton: it may be less clear-cut than that
Mike Sackton: is a poly on
Mike Sackton: truly.
Mike Sackton: Anybody's Boss perhaps Fausto and garage are both working to free a polyion for their own re.
Mike Sackton: but not the same reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe we could set them against each other somehow.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps garage is not even trying to free a poly on. Perhaps Squash wants to be his own.
Mike Sackton: or it
Mike Sackton: commander, whoever that is, crashes
Mike Sackton: Garcia's leader, I I would not assume that it's quite so neat
Mike Sackton: as
Mike Sackton: a poly on is commanding his his armies. I
Mike Sackton: is the polyion even able to command an arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's the simplest explanation so far at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Has anything about the last year Thought made you think that simple explanations are true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: most reasonable working hypotheses we've got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I agree. I agree, I mean, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if rise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if rise, Jade Hasn't has been in the same place for years, it's a lower priority from a time perspective.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My only question is, do we try to destroy the separate before we go East?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a volcano along the way?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not really.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: I think it's hard to know.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think
Eric Rosenbaum: the only question to the volcanoes. It's a one-way trip with that
Eric Rosenbaum: scroll. Yeah, yes.
Mike Sackton: and I don't know that we can afford a one-way trip
right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But do we run the risk of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bringing exactly the item that garage is looking for right to him?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I believe that we have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): an emergency failsafe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): which is a very, very bad idea to use.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the emergency fails. Safe is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we open the mirror of soul trapping inside the bag of holding
Timothy Sackton: Bossy would be so mad at you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he would be so mad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that will scatter all it. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doing terrible damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and scattering all its contents at random at a minimum across this plane of existence, and possibly across multiple planes of existence.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a kind of nuclear option to be avoided. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so you're saying, with with the scepter inside, so that nobody including us, knows its location
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, when, like an evil army of ferrets emerges from hundreds of miles. We'll know that they've got it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right Isn't there another place we can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: store, or you do something with the receptor
Eric Rosenbaum: like anyone we could entrust it to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think we can entrust it to anybody. But.
Mike Sackton: to be honest, a affordable inside a portable whole
Mike Sackton: folded up in a lead-lined locket is a pretty safe spot.
Mike Sackton: You can't scry it. You can't detect. It
Mike Sackton: It's very hard for anybody to know it's there until all the halflings get.
Tell tell people
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what about being held like in the heart of Shakun.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a pretty secure place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if that's really an option, or if it's a good one. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then is that even possible?
Timothy Sackton: You don't know I mean certainly in the mesa
Timothy Sackton: would be possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the temple there is
Eric Rosenbaum: intact. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that was that was fortified. I mean seeker, for it helped fortify the Temple, and it was never conquered by the nobles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about like that grassy area of shakun's like own dimension that we went out. Oh, that Well, that's
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that' be pretty safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: but you can easily get lost in. There.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But there's the 2 what's them? That's the nature and the daughter.
Mike Sackton: Then try and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want a with a paper. Yeah, that's this is interesting. I mean, this wouldn't be for long. This would just be for the journey East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I just it's just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's. It's on the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just the idea of bringing that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bringing that scepter
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: closer to garage just feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: foolish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've done foolish things already.
Mike Sackton: just to leave it there for all spring. Seems
Mike Sackton: like an idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems like a good one.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could leave it with the
Eric Rosenbaum: with the
Eric Rosenbaum: Some rout
Eric Rosenbaum: to counterbalance Hobdar's power
Timothy Sackton: with Sara.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. Now with the other side to really start with, really get the civil design kind of Tell me the Civil War Speaker is full of useful ideas, just really positive and constructive conversation. Seeker, You just really just bring such such.
Eric Rosenbaum: So how long did it got to travel in your finger? Having conversations with you while you slept? We barely had any conversations at all. You got to think geopolitically. Friends
Riswynn: big map out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker, purveyor of chaos.
Mike Sackton: It does
Mike Sackton: raise the question of whether there is anything we can do in Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: There any small thing we could do to try and stabilize the situation? What do we know about the summer
Mike Sackton: show up in a flying castle with a big banner, saying, Don't kill each other, please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's I mean, I I think, ris one doing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: their best to try and remove the curse on the sword feels like a positive
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thing to try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the politics are just so complicated. I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the only thing I could think of actually there. This is this is potentially something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: visiting, I mean, you know this is interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could try to speak with the lock and monks to try to understand more about what's happening there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because there is an impasse related to the gods there, there's something happening. Is it not a little suspicious that Carnos has been so
Mike Sackton: unresponsive.
Mike Sackton: Why has he not seen Jo? Her?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is Johar imprisoned?
Mike Sackton: I don't know if imprisoned, is entirely the right description, but he seems to be stuck in a in a
Mike Sackton: I saw him in. I saw him in a monk's cell.
Mike Sackton: not a prison cell right like I don't know that he's being
Mike Sackton: held against his will. Maybe he is.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Christ is hiring something. You think
Mike Sackton: my impression was.
Mike Sackton: Johar is being
Mike Sackton: is is being.
Mike Sackton: He's not being wet in to see Carnos.
Mike Sackton: whether that's because whether he's actually in prison or whether he is just
Mike Sackton: listen, yeah, what? Whether he's in a genteel prison, or just is unwilling to leave until he's completed his mission.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, because then we' to find out that Karna is a polio
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you in any of your scrying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have you been able to discern
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if Carnos is in any way
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in league with Chartan.
Mike Sackton: there are rumors hoved our beliefs. He is
Mike Sackton: you haven't scried on Carn awesome, but I've never scryed kind of else I could try it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be very good to do. I think we should try to find out more about him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because as I kind of
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: this
Timothy Sackton: he's got a I mean, you've never
Timothy Sackton: No, it's all just he has a plus 5 on us, and he met him. So he's got a pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: I saw a DC. It's like a D. I guess it's actually it's DC. 12 or something like that. Your scribe fails.
Mike Sackton: It is, it is hard to scry
Mike Sackton: people. I've never met
Riswynn: political figures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's I mean, that's just the open question right if there's if there is a linkage between the Civil War and what's unfolding and chart in which.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if this was all from Agata, it could just be chaos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's something more sinister curatorial at play, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it could be the intentional
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fully by pardon.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: as much as it's
Mike Sackton: difficult to leave behind our friends in Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: I think we have to choose between going east and going south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we believe by going east that we have a chance of intercepting garage, and somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: acquiring with a cloak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stealing the cloak out from under him or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the Chardonians before they managed to get it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And why do we think again, let's keep there after the cloak
we we
Mike Sackton: that garage is off to the cloak, or that
Mike Sackton: we have no idea what Cosmos is after
Mike Sackton: one reason to go west is to to go east is to see if we can find out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why do we think? Why did we think Raj is what's the evidence squashes? After that we believe this army is forgetting the cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's nothing else out there that we know of.
Mike Sackton: But also when we when we scried him he was quite interested in
Mike Sackton: finding something right like he's looking for something. We know he's looking for something, because
Mike Sackton: when Seeker clairvoyanced him. He talked about looking for something. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you, said I'm Austin, You know I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've heard stories during
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the great war
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of armies being marched through portals
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to cross vast distances from one place to another.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that also a possibility for Grash's army?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I
Eric Rosenbaum: that's his seeker now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: surely it's a possibility.
Mike Sackton: Whether it's a liking possibility. It's hard to know. My impression was they were actually preparing to march, though. Right
Mike Sackton: like, Did I see supply? I mean, obviously. Oh, yeah, they are definitely, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: conveniently. dead creatures don't need a lot of supplies.
Timothy Sackton: The orcs do. Some orcs do. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: the impression I got was a much more
Mike Sackton: Tim correct me if this is wrong. But my impression of what Tim said was in this crying was, that it's like an army preparing to march. Yeah, more than anything, not like a group of skeletons preparing to go through a poor
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, they were preparing too much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And why did you think they're marching East
all
Mike Sackton: all their preparations? I mean there was very little activity to the west or south.
Mike Sackton: right? And also I just got the impression they were not.
Mike Sackton: They didn't seem to be preparing.
Mike Sackton: They didn't seem to have any strategy like there was nothing I could sense that they were trying to get to Shakun's barrier like it just
Mike Sackton: they were oriented that direction. There were no I mean you scryed a few random places between Carson and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Para, and there's like No, there were no scouts. There was no activity. All right. Got it?
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you know
Timothy Sackton: which. Hava and Ivras haven't popped up in Kerala, being like
Timothy Sackton: there's a few the Orcs marching our way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why would you need an army to find? Would you need an army to find an artifact.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's what I was asking before. Well, that that's why we're going to go there and find out what the hell's going on. I mean, what else is there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: right? I think
Mike Sackton: I think the plan.
Mike Sackton: I think our next steps
Mike Sackton: really have to be.
Mike Sackton: Go to herafter.
Mike Sackton: Think. If there's anything we can do to try to
Mike Sackton: keep Dunbar from falling apart in the next month.
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: go east as fast as we can, and see what we learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds good to me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm looking it up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if we go back to you, Thomas Tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is frog right. Now
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or excuse me, where? Where is half-dar right now?
Timothy Sackton: It's not that far from you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. I mean in the scheme of things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It could be an easy stop to at least check in on him, or
Mike Sackton: it could be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kill him if we need to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean uncursive.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Mike Sackton: messages
Mike Sackton: we could send messages if needed, deal with looks over at the at, the
Mike Sackton: at his shield.
Mike Sackton: he kind of points at the at the links.
Mike Sackton: They can carry messages on my behalf if needed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
really
a trick!
Ha!
Mike Sackton: Traveling! They can travel
Mike Sackton: fast 100 miles in a day.
Timothy Sackton: Why do we have sending us? Or was that always scrolls?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's right. We have our most useful by far party member back again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also can telepathically link just the group of us as well.
Timothy Sackton: and that actually works over any distance. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: as he collected his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. Oh, you could have all your conversations by just saying that. Yeah, yes, done done from here on out. That's it. Oh, my God, you're right. we are all halflinks now I didn't think of that. Yeah, thanks. And it's a ritual style. So you don't even have to waste the stuff on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, done. This is the easiest thing ever. Now we're we're, we're, we're scribe proof, or at least for scribe proof in the sense of like in what the fuck we're doing in it may know where we are. But then we're up to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should definitely, periodically have
Eric Rosenbaum: out loud conversations with a completely different plan. We should, we should telebathically discuss how. The fact is that our plane is to go.
Mike Sackton: how you can even try and set a trap. We could talk about how our plane is to go
Mike Sackton: find Cadmus
Mike Sackton: right, or return to chart it.
Mike Sackton: But fine cadmos would be an interesting fake out plan. So, unfortunately we've had this whole conversation before figuring that out. So yeah, now, I know. But but telepathically, you could say, guys, I just realized we could talk telepathically, so that right now, so from here on out i'll i'll i'll! I'll tell you
Eric Rosenbaum: We switch over to that. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tell if it has the conversation for me to do the ritual cast to be ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's only within a plane, but it's anywhere on the plane, anywhere on the plane. That's incredible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a group chat. We have a telepathic group Chat: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: up to 8 of you, so it can include friends as well. I mean, they have to be.
Timothy Sackton: They have to be within 30 feet of seeker when you cast the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and then afterwards, and then you could California to the other side of the planet, and it would still work. How long does it last an hour?
Timothy Sackton: But you can recast it every hour because it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you have to be within 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: but you have to be back within 30 feet. So the distance thing is not actually super useful.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's mostly useful. If, like somebody teleports if somebody can teleport away, you can remain in touch with them for the first hour.
I got it.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is great, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: free telepathy is okay. Well, how does the ritual thing work again.
Timothy Sackton: it just means if you take 10 min to cast it instead of an action, you don't need to spend the spell slot. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I we have our plan, I mean, I guess the only thing is the quote unquote doing something useful in Denmark. That's not obvious. What that would be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: other than trying to uncurse, hopped our sword.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. Continue to try crying
Eric Rosenbaum: the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really good. Yeah, Scri and Karnos is useful. Also, I could try and talk to the the lock in monks.
Riswynn: Yeah, I mean, if we figure out from scrying what Carnes is doing, I could send in Johar, and at least explain to him why he's in the situation he's in.
Riswynn: Well, we could find out what situation, if the scrying works out.
Riswynn: then like it doesn't really help for us to know if we just know. But if I tell Johar that might help
Mike Sackton: right.
Riswynn: or anyone else that I've met in this whole political Malay that I can send to
Eric Rosenbaum: what we can all what happened to him. Yeah. Why, don't we just do a sending to Johar
Timothy Sackton: You have sending only works on people you've met
Riswynn: so far. We travel together.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, you can send Joe. Sorry I thought you, said Carlos. Yes, you can, sending to Johar
Timothy Sackton: for sure they did. Raisman ever met
Mike Sackton: Isn't. Were you with us? You weren't with us, but you never met Sarah. Did you
Timothy Sackton: no riser? Never met Sarah.
Mike Sackton: I would say our our
Mike Sackton: we'll have time. I mean. We have a little bit of time while we go to Eudomus's Tower to try and meddle from afar in in Denmark.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: when we get to this tower we can
Mike Sackton: see what we've learned.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: the only things that we could really, I mean, we could try, and we could send the links
Mike Sackton: to bring messages to Sarah, or have Dar or anybody else in Tokra.
Mike Sackton: How useful that is, I don't know what we'd say, but
Mike Sackton: we could.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's basically the same as it's basically similar to sending it's just. I don't have to know the person.
Mike Sackton: because the links will find whoever I describe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know, involving ourselves more deeply in the Dunmari Civil war feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fraud.
Mike Sackton: It does
Eric Rosenbaum: just raises the question of you know. Who are we as it as a group?
What
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we do? Well, you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the agents of chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: the only, and finding things.
Mike Sackton: giving
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and giving evil items to good people
Eric Rosenbaum: of the love.
Mike Sackton: So that works speaking of items to give to people, we should do something with the mace we stole from Fausta.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we should put that in the mirror!
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's a good idea!
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the mace again?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Faustos's Ms. Of terror we should definite. That's it. Because we need to figure out more about Fausto. We don't know. Am we should we? Should. What other? What?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Tim does that mirror only work on the items. It doesn't work on people.
Timothy Sackton: It works on objects defined because you used it on the god tree, and you used it the very first time you used it was on the door of the Tower by accident, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I I kind of want to recon that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in all those weeks that I was away
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mostly me and Baxter just looked at pictures of him from when he was like a baby axe beak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Timothy Sackton: I'll let that work. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: so let me propose, because it's it's half midnight now, I just realized.
Timothy Sackton: and I feel like this was a very. It was great to have a session where I hardly talked. It was a lot of fun, guys, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Why don't you, if you don't mind taking 5 min now to decide on the items you're going to show to the mirror, so I can actually write them in advance for next session. That would be wonderful
again.
Timothy Sackton: So you can do 3 things 2 that you had before before you went on your solo adventures, and one that can be from after the solar adventure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So here here's the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the stuff that we don't know what we want to underlie unravel more mystery about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: relationship between between Fausto
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Garage and Apollon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so yes, learning more about fasto the mace. Do we have any other faster related items?
Mike Sackton: that's a good yeah. Well, the eyes vulgar's eyes. Didn't we already look at for Allgar's eyes? Nope: no. I guess we didn't.
Mike Sackton: We could.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or learning about drank
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that. We can learn about drank, or also again.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you you should also, I mean, don't forget about this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, when did we look at that? I was the mask that the Shadow Hunter was wearing.
Mike Sackton: Oh, the crown
Mike Sackton: right?
What? The fuck
Eric Rosenbaum: with the last line of that one is alarming.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: he's seeking us right. We. But what are we supposed to do? I mean, we know about this
Timothy Sackton: right? There's nothing you really can do. Just keep moving faster than they can move.
Timothy Sackton: but clearly he's created another one because he was off hunting more highlight. Right?
Timothy Sackton: No, the Amazement tower is really the only thing you have from.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: Broadcar's eyes are not a crazy thing to look at either.
Timothy Sackton: And also Don't forget that you have those augmenters.
Timothy Sackton: The your third set of magic mirrors that let you and actually Kenzo, you can cast augury. What you can ask your friends, is this a good idea once per day? That's great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely do that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and you can summon in the freed who might turn on you and attack you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who can
Timothy Sackton: you can from the a freak bottle. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: what's in that freight? It's a fire. It's a powerful fire element. These are all from the dragon's board
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you?
Mike Sackton: How do we know how likely it is
Timothy Sackton: you don't have like, yeah, like absolutely no idea.
Mike Sackton: It could grant us a casting of the wish spell
Mike Sackton: that would let us get the pandemonium scroll back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there anything else for that? So let's let's just let's just think about what you're gonna scribe the mace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The eyes could be interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what about the Shaman Arm band. Well, that could be our third thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Riswynn: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it it's not going to tell us anything.
Mike Sackton: It'll be interesting, but it's probably not going to tell us anything immediately relevant to the plot. Well, we'll find out who we would release by destroying it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, you know who you know we know who you don't have that. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I see this is Dallas actually put it on. Teleported into the shadow dimension
Mike Sackton: that it's connected to
Mike Sackton: tricked the hob. Goblins basically tricked the how Godwin Weeders into coming back, freed the Tachy who was stuck there
Mike Sackton: and then killed the hob goblin wizard who was the leader of the Hob goblins while leaving the I forget how I did that. That was you. It has banish on yourself. Oh, I can't! Spanish on myself. Right? It was brilliant. I cast banish on myself
Mike Sackton: to send myself from the shadow plane back to the my home plane.
Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are there any objects that we acquired in our solo adventures that'd be interesting to show. Wow! The Arm Band would be the main one
Mike Sackton: so far, but I don't know if there's anything else
Riswynn: the thing related to drank, or I mean
Riswynn: my objects are dwarven, and
Eric Rosenbaum: what we get to
Eric Rosenbaum: the seeker solo adventure.
Riswynn: the secret. If you happen to pick up any random drunk Orion objects from the drink, Orion Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, and I should have had him give you guys something that would have been good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She had what
Mike Sackton: the Dracorian guy cause I was playing him right. Oh, I should have had him be like. Here is my amulet from Drake, or will you please take it as a gift for you know, helping me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, we know we know where to find him. Didn't he give?
Mike Sackton: Didn't he give you guys his
Timothy Sackton: his, his, his, his, his, his oh, no, yeah. He took he he, I mean, he didn't. You could say he gave you his tabbard. Yes, because he took off his tavern any like.
Timothy Sackton: accepted the guardian role of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that's just going to tell us more about him. He was. He was kind of later on. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he wrote earlier he was, he was, he was, he was. He was hiding the omnibus.
Mike Sackton: He was in the middle of a civil war between somebody.
Mike Sackton: some emperor and the Omnispura
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? And he was little to the Emperor.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he was fighting against Yam, this per a. Now
Mike Sackton: his memories are all
Christy.
Mike Sackton: What Dim told me is, i'm going to give you a whole bunch of facts.
Mike Sackton: but only half of them are right. Half of them are just the fever and dream of callous.
Mike Sackton: So who knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that's interesting because it could be that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the omnis pera which are which is related to the purity and the cleansing. And Apollon, like a Paulian, could have been the winner of that civil war.
Mike Sackton: It predates the poly on.
Mike Sackton: But I mean we
Mike Sackton: there's gotta be somebody who has a list of emperors of drank or right? Yes, yeah, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you got it. Got You got to ask for more research guys with the cloak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, he had a great time. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's send a message to Govier. Yes, there you go to research on this Pora. Yes, get us a list of the Emperors of drank or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and when they lived yeah, well, and also yeah, i'm not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this as as much detail about the fall of the drain. Korean Empire. It's much detail about a polyon. His rise is fall anything we can find out now. Really.
Timothy Sackton: the Toker archives probably don't have much about that, because Dunmar was founded after the fall of drank, where you really need to go to the Chardon for that?
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: we do know people in charge, and that we can ask for favors, though
Eric Rosenbaum: you do. Who else do we still know in Charton? That's still there? Well, my seekers friend both. Gar. Let's go.
Timothy Sackton: Rosalia was kind of friendly with you.
Timothy Sackton: What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but anybody friendly to us is probably caught up now.
Timothy Sackton: Well reading between the lions. Your guess, Kenzo, is that Rosalia was Kaiser's source. He told him to run
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right, so she's still leaving.
Timothy Sackton: so she's probably still there. I mean. She was pretty like she was well connected, socially right? She probably not in danger herself.
Timothy Sackton: Well, she will be in very big, grave danger. I mean Nias owes you a favor he could have easily just torn up the recommendation that deal with gave him, and moved on with his life without anybody knowing any better.
Timothy Sackton: You do know some people there, you know, even send nice a letter, as far as I can tell from my notes, so he is totally innocent. But who is this what I want?
Timothy Sackton: The guy who wrote the book about the yeah and lost for us. Dennikai. Yeah. The like disgraced scholar who used charm to learn stuff and was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he does. Oh, but does everybody in charter now think we're villains, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the you're I mean the intention of the message from Kaiser was not that everybody thinks you're villains. It's that nobody is really willing to stick their necks out for you.
Right?
Timothy Sackton: So you're kind of like.
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly that. Everybody thinks you're a villain, but that nobody is going to take a big risk to help you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And probably can I ask, though, on that like, is it also the subtext that it's really Faust to who's sort of driving that and like it, was revealed to be awful like no one's going to have any lingering problems with us in chart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah. But he's consolidating his power and pushing the other narrative. But he's also got like you know, he's got ends with the daylight trade and stuff, and you know the the the the lies on Chili to control the Empire, so it's like. But but like outing, I was clearing our names and chart, and might be as simple as outing him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, okay. Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt car, but that's like impossible. I mean like he's he's keys like that. Was, you know, like. So it's running, and all he is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eventually we're going to have to deal with fastest, of course. Eventually we will. My My point is just, you know. Can we safely write to anybody to get this research on, drank, or in chart in? And maybe we do it nice. Maybe nice is our guy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that Nye, Sir Brazilia. Those are our 2, or or or seekers friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, sending is probably safer than writing a yeah. It's definitely sending.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys want to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Riswynn: all right. Let's do it
Riswynn: the in the in-betweens I'm sending to
Riswynn: Nias in Chardon and to Johar in Darba
Timothy Sackton: and Rosalie and Chardin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or all the people when we do sending, can they send a message back?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: but it's like it's like old school text, and you only get 25 words.
Timothy Sackton: So if you want research, they're going to have to write you a letter, and it's going to take time to get there, and they're going to have to send it to Tokra and blah blah blah. But
Timothy Sackton: so you're talking about like minimum of a month, and probably more like a month and a half. This would be like
Timothy Sackton: stuff you get when you get back from the East, right? This isn't going to be any sort of immediate knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, a list of the names of the Emperors of drink or somebody might just know that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they you just Texas, that they could text. You that with sending
all right.
Riswynn: are your jaguars fast?
Mike Sackton: 100 miles they can go 100 miles a day.
Mike Sackton: So they're fast-ish.
but
Mike Sackton: not like
super fast.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So just as it's getting late, and I want to let people go to that to confirm for next time
Timothy Sackton: mace of terror or frog. Our eyes. Shamat, arm band in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: sending messages to
Timothy Sackton: a few people in chart in
Timothy Sackton: about research, and Johar and Daba.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's let's start with Nias, and see if he'll do it just through sending back and forth. Are you? Would you do it? And if so, then we can give them the details on the research, like we're interested in learning more about drank Orient history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
Timothy Sackton: got it
Timothy Sackton: awesome.
Timothy Sackton: So this will all be revealed
Timothy Sackton: on
Timothy Sackton: seventeenth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Timothy Sackton: Hey, guys.
Timothy Sackton: Good night, everybody.
Mike Sackton: Good night. This is awesome. Yeah, it was really fun, like the like.
Timothy Sackton: just listening to. For once
Timothy Sackton: there is good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye.